https://www.oskiaskincare.com/pages/about-us

Skip to content

Free UK delivery On All Orders £40+

Country/region
USD $ | United States
Language
English
SHOP
ROUTINE FINDER
LOYALTY
SKIN NUTRITION
THE OSKIA EDIT
ABOUT
Language
English
Log in
Cart
 Enjoy a complimentary travel-size Super-R with every order 
INTELLIGENT SKIN NUTRITION
Nutritional Support For Optimal Skin Health, Resilience & Longevity

Born from veterinary science in 2009, OSKIA specialises in cellular skin nutrition to actively support the skin's biological functions. The result? Healthy, clear, resilient, glowing skin.

Powered by cellular nutrients and their MSM Regen Complex™, the results-driven, targeted formulas contain up to 40 actives, are clinically proven, and produced in their own factory in Wales.

Founded by Georgie Cleeve in 2009 after using witnessing the phenomenal effects of veterinary supplements designed to support equine joint mobility and skin, these formulas are highly technical, rooted in nutrition, and use only the finest natural and bio-tech ingredients.

The MSM Regen Complex™ is their unique blend of vitamins, minerals, peptides & amino acids to boost skin health.

250 International Beauty Awards

To discover our product brochure, please click here.

Our formulations

Our powerful formulations are designed for results, using clinical bio-available, cellular nutrients and complex actives to give you a beautifully healthy & glowing complexion. We specialise in cellular nutrition through patented micro-encapsulation and liposome technology.

Vitamins, minerals, proteins/amino acids & omegas all combine to improve cellular activity and efficiency, leading to skin that’s healthier and happier. Our cellular nutrients are then blended with high-tech bio-actives (including plant stem cell technology, growth factors, peptide complexes, anti-oxidants, enzymes, prebiotics, botanical extracts and floral oils) to combat all the key concerns associated with ageing and the impact of lifestyle and the environment. The result is healthy, happy & glowing skin.

What makes us special

OSKIA’s bio-nutritional formulations are designed by Georgie, formulated by our team of Doctors, nutritionists, cosmetic scientists and skincare specialists, and manufactured at our very own laboratory and factory in the rolling hills of Wales.

We use naturally-derived bio-identical ingredients. We pride ourselves in using bio-technology to produce bio-identical molecules that are both environmentally and socially more sustainable. 

Our Philosophies
Nutrition

We believe that cellular nutrients are key to skin health. Improving skin health is the cornerstone of corrective and preventative skincare.

Results

We only use safe, proven and published, patented actives & nutrients at efficacious percentages not marketing percentages that deliver real clinically-proven results.

Bio-technology

We pride ourselves in using biotechnology to produce bio-identical molecules that are both environmentally and socially more sustainable.

Helping the skin help itself

Our products are designed to work with your skin for a longer-term and effective skincare solution. We use many ingredients that are already found within the body, or that stimulate key factors within the body.

Technology

We pride ourselves on our unique patented delivery systems & technologies that ensure our nutrients & bio-actives not only reach the deepest levels of the skin but also where in the skin's cells they are needed.

Purity

We use naturally-derived, bio-identical ingredients that are kind to your skin & our environment. We work to Natural Standard ISO 16128 to give all our products a percent of natural and natural origin (around 99%).

Safety

We formulate all our products to EU guidelines and legislation. This includes the maximum and safe levels of all our actives.

Every story has a beginning

I launched OSKIA and the concept of nutritional skincare in 2009 after experiencing in my youth first-hand the transformative benefits of MSM, a natural form of organic sulphur, and then, only available as a veterinary supplement.  

 

I was first introduced to MSM by my father, who brought it to market over forty years ago and pioneered its use as a joint supplement for racehorses. At the time, I was recovering from serious knee damage caused by excessive skiing (my mother was in the British ski team), and so, after numerous ineffective operations, I allowed myself to be a human guinea pig. The results were remarkable - my joints repaired far beyond any surgeon had thought possible, but what I hadn’t expected, was the extraordinary improvement in my skin. Long-standing issues with acne, eczema, and generally poor skin began to clear, and I noticed visible changes in my complexion, as well as the strength and condition of my hair and nails. With healthier skin came a renewed sense of confidence.

 

That experience planted a seed. During my later career as a food journalist, the obsession with the effects of nutrients on biology deepened. I embarked on a journey of deeper learning, studying dermatology, physiology, and training as a therapist, while also exploring the powerful connection between nutrition and skin health. What began with one exceptional veterinary supplement evolved into a new vision: a new, biological approach to skincare based on nutrition and cell function.  

 

This philosophy led to the development of our unique nutritional skincare concept and the MSM Regen Complex, with formulations delivering essential cell nutrients, including minerals, vitamins, peptides, proteins and omegas, in highly bioavailable forms that the skin both needs to function and can readily use.

 

After three years of extensive research and development with a phenomenal team that stretched across dermatologists, nutritionists and cosmetic scientists, we launched OSKIA in 2009.

 

Today, OSKIA is run by myself and my husband, George Gordon, from our factory in Wales, where we continue to innovate and champion a truly nutritional approach to skin health.

Our Values & Ethics
B Corp Certified

This certification recognises that we meet the highest standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency.

Cruelty Free

We do not and never have tested on animals.

Vegetarian & Vegan

All of our products are suitable for vegetarians and the majority for vegans. However, we do use milk peptides and Lactoferrin in a selection of our products which is clearly stated on the product pages.

Environmental

Our products are designed to work with your skin for a longer-term and effective skincare solution. We use many ingredients that are already found within the body, or that stimulate key factors within the body.

Subscribe to our newsletters

Be the first to know about new products and exclusive offers. New customers receive £10 off their first purchase.

Email
HELP
Shipping & Returns
FAQs
Book a Consultation
Contact Us
ABOUT OSKIA
Our Story
Our Awards
Stockists
Spa Locator
The OSKIA Edit
Professional Products
B Corp Certified
INFO
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Programme & Referral Scheme
Affiliate Programme
Subscription Service
Do not sell or share my personal information
Sign up to our newsletters and receive £10 off your first order
Email
Subscribe
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
Twitter
Pinterest
Vimeo
Payment methods
﻿
Bag
Login
Close Cart

Free shipping

$150+

Free Samples

with every order

Subscribe & Save 15%

Progress: 0%
You are $202.52 away from FREE SHIPPING!
Your cart is empty!

Add your favorite items to your cart.

Shop Now