https://www.oskiaskincare.com/pages/ingredients

Skip to content

Choose 3 Samples With All Orders

Country/region
USD $ | United States
Language
English
SHOP
ROUTINE FINDER
LOYALTY
SKIN NUTRITION
THE OSKIA EDIT
ABOUT
Language
English
Log in
Cart
 Enjoy a complimentary travel-size Super-R with every order 
NUTRITIONAL SKINCARE
Intentional Nutrients

Our proven formulations are designed using these cellular nutrients plus complex bio-actives to boost skin health, combat the key concerns associated with ageing and the impact of lifestyle and the environment.

All
Proteins/Amino Acids
Vitamins
Glucide
Minerals
Omegas
Lipids
Oskia Complexes
Additional Bio-Actives
ACETYL GLUCOSAMINE

Boosts the skin's own production of Hyaluronic Acid. A skin-conditioning ingredient derived from glucose, commonly used for its ability to promote hydration, exfoliation and even skin tone. Supports the skin's natural barrier function, enhances moisture retention and reduces the appearance of dark spots and hyperpigmentation.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum

ALANINE

One of the amino-acids used by OSKIA with wonderful calming properties to sooth irritated skin.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

ALARIA ESCULENTA EXTRACT

From a brown algae found on the Brittany coast, with powerful free radical, anti-elastase and anti-collegenase (the natural enzyme found in the body that breaks down collagen) activity leading to increased firmness and skin suppleness, as well as stimulating hyaluronic acid synthesis, supporting skin barrier function and improving skin hydration levels. It is also rich in amino acids, antioxidants, vitamins and minerals.

Featured Products: Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP Restoration Oil Restoration Oil Sample

ALGAE

Algae-derived ingredients in skincare is known for it's moisturizing, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory properties. They can help hydrate the skin, improve its texture, and protect against environmental damage.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Clearing Cleanser, Violet Water D-Spot

ALGAKTIV® BIOSKN

ALGAKTIV® BioSKN is a new, completely sustainable active isolated from the wall of microalgae that opens a new world of innovation potential by exploiting cell barrier compounds for skincare. In trials it is able to outperform epidermal growth factor (EGF) on primary keratinocytes growth and motility and demonstrates broad spectrum prebiotic and probiotic enhancing properties to support the skin’s all important microbiome. It is the ultimate superfood for skincare, delivering cellular energy while ensuring a holistic skin balance. New efficacy test data demonstrates that it is able to reduce sebum, reduce irritation and itching, and rebalance the skin microbiome hugely benefiting blemish prone skin.

Featured Products: Violet Water D-Spot Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Treatment Tonic

ALLANTOIN

Naturally found in comfrey, sugar beet, chamomile & wheat sprouts, Allantoin is used to calm and repair damaged skin. Ideal active for sensitive or
inflamed skin and heal scars. It stimulates the fibroblasts (cells that produce
collagen) and boosts extracellular matrix synthesis to firm, reduce wrinkles
and scaring.

Featured Products: Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

ALPHA HYDROXY ACIDS (AHAS)

A group of naturally occurring acids derived from fruits and milk. Used for their exfoliating, collagen stimulating and skin-renewing properties. We use gentle blend of organic AHAs (and fruit enzymes) derived from passion fruit, lemon, grape, pomegranate, pumpkin, papaya and pineapple to smooth and brighten.

Featured Products: Renaissance Body Treatment Milk Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance Mask, Renaissance Hand Cream

AQUACACTEEN (PRICKLY PEAR)

AquaCacteen™ is an ultra-refined elixir from prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) that blocks the release of stress markers from sensory nerve cells in the skin, calming and soothing irritated skin. It provides outstanding hydrating properties thanks to its high content of water-binding compounds. Rich in highly anti-oxidant Piscidic Acid and Vitamins A, B1, B2, B3 & C.

Featured Products: Citylife Cleansing Concentrate Super 16 Liquid Mask 10% Lactic Acid Overnight Peel, Rest Day Cleansing Milk

ARGININE

An amino acid that helps improve skin hydration by enhancing the skin's natural moisture-retaining abilities. It can also support the skin's natural repair processes and improve overall skin health.

Featured Products: Adaptive Tan Mist Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream, Liquid Mask 10% Lactic Acid Overnight Peel

NAB ARNICA

NAB Arnica ® and Algae Complex (Montana Flower Extract & Algae Extract) is a special complex formulated to reduce redness and irritation, both of which can cause premature ageing due to inflammation. Reduces eye puffiness by 24% and irritation and dark circles by 66%. Proven anti-inflammatory. 

Featured Products: Eye Wonder

ASCORBIC ACID

The pure form of Vitamin C, though very unstable and irritable to the skin. A good antioxidant that helps brighten the complexion, fade dark spots and stimulate collagen production. Its powerful protective properties also defend against environmental damage, making it a popular choice for achieving a youthful and radiant complexion. However, it is very unstable and can become pro-oxidant on contact with air, light and water.

Featured Products:

ASCORBYL TETRAISOPALMITATE

A stabilized (heat and oxygen stable), non-acidic, oil soluble Vitamin C derivative of Ascorbic and Isopalmitic Acid. It effectively converts into the free Vitamin C in the skin. Known for its superior absorption due to being oil soluble. It’s an antioxidant with SOD (superoxide dismutase)-like activity, protects collagen from degradation and also promotes its collagen synthesis. It is one of the few vitamin C derivatives that directly affect melanin production (most do not). In our view the best of the Vitamin Cs, as it is the least sensitising, can used at lower percentages for greater efficacy, plumps, firms and brightens.

Featured Products: Super C Beauty Capsules Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP

ASTAXANTHIN

Is a bright red carotenoid found throughout nature. A super anti-oxidant 6,000 times more powerful than Vitamin C and 550 times more powerful than Vitamin E. Sourced from micro algae, it gives prawns and flamingos their bright pink colour. Astaxanthin has been proven to have a positive effect on collagen production but also sun protection.

Featured Products: Citylife I-Zone Lip & Eye Balm Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate

AVOCADO BUTTER

Packed with healthy fats, Vitamins (C & E) and anti-oxidants, avocado is credited for its nourishing, soothing and calming properties. Its anti-oxidant content protects the skin from free radical damage caused by UV radiation and pollutants whilst its Vitamin C content helps stimulate collagen production, contributing to skin firmness and elasticity.

Featured Products: Citylife I-Zone Lip & Eye Balm

AZELOGLICINA

A derivative of azelaic acid used for it's brightening effects due to its ability to reduce the appearance of dark spots and hyper-pigmentation. It's effective in managing acne due to its anti-inflammatory properties and ability to reduce redness. It is also a mild exfoliant, keeping pores clear, without being acidic which can damage the barrier function.

Featured Products: H2Glow Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Treatment Tonic

BAKUCHIOL

Derived from Indian Babchi seeds it has been traditionally used in India for centuries for health and healing. It leaves skin firmer, calmer, lines reduced, elasticity improved (by boosting and regulating Type 1, III & IV collagen) and is ideal for sensitive or problematic skin. It also supports blemish prone skin by reducing redness associated with acne by inhibiting inflammation hormones (COX-2), an anti-bacterial to help provide a more healthy microbiome, regulates excess sebum production by reducing the activity of a certain enzyme (5-a-reductase) which directly effects excess sebum production due to testosterone activity. Seen as an alternative to retinol without sensitivities.

Featured Products: Super 16 Violet Water D-Spot Nutri-Bronze Sheer Tinted Serum

BEESWAX

One of the oldest raw ingredients used in cosmetics. Traditionally used as an emulsifier, though has also been credited with anti-inflammatory, anti-allergic, antioxidant, antibacterial and skin-softening and elasticity enhancing properties, though there is no scientific proof for this.

Featured Products: Love Treatment & Massage Candle Rose De Mai Treatment Candle

BETAINE

A key amino acid, and known for its role in aiding digestion and supporting liver function. Topically, Betaine is a wonderful moisturizer, hydrator and soothing nutrient. It is also known to reinforce the skin's natural barrier function, helping to prevent water loss and protect against environmental stressors.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Violet Water Clearing Cleanser

BIO-MIMETIC GROWTH FACTORS (+EGF) COMPLEX

(Five bio-tech Growth Factors (EGF, IGF-1, Acidic FGF, Basic FGF, VEGF plus Vitamin B9 & Acetylated Glutamine), supports regeneration and repair, instantly calms. Growth Factors are the body’s own growth hormones that promote repair and regeneration by stimulating cell growth, in particular the fibroblast cells responsible for collagen, keratin and elastin production, accelerating wound healing and increasing the skin's elasticity and firmness.

Featured Products: Midnight Elixir Midnight Eye-Q

BIODYNES O3®

Saccharomyces Ferment Filtrate Lysate or O3 yeast Lysate offers unrivalled DNA protection against oxone pollution made using fermented yeast.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate

BIOSACCHARIDES

Complex carbohydrates derived from natural sources. Often used for their moisturizing and hydrating properties as they form a protective film on the skin's surface, helping to retain moisture and prevent water loss. They can also have soothing and anti-inflammatory effects, making them beneficial for sensitive or irritated skin.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Eye Wonder

BISABOLOL

A natural compound derived from chamomile plants, renowned for its soothing and calming properties. Reduces skin irritation, redness, and inflammation making it suitable for sensitive and reactive skin. Also supports the skin's natural healing processes, making it effective in post-treatment or post-sun exposure skincare.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Cleansing Milk, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

BLACK CARROT JUICE

A natural juice extracted from black or purple carrots which provides antioxidant benefits and skin-soothing properties helping calm irritated or sensitive skin. Rich in anthocyanins (powerful antioxidants), helps protect the skin from oxidative stress caused by free radicals.

Featured Products: Floral Water - Organic Rose Water + MSM Toner Liquid Mask 10% Lactic Acid Overnight Peel

BLUEBERRY OIL

Packed full of anti-oxidants, blueberry oil helps protect from free radical damage caused by UV radiation and environmental pollutants, contributing to a more radiant complexion by reducing the appearance of dullness and promoting a healthy glow. They also contain anti-inflammatory compounds that can soothe irritated skin and help with conditions like acne or redness.

Featured Products: Deeper Sleep Body Oil

BOERHAVIA DIFFUSA ROOT EXTRACT (PUNARNAVA)

Known for its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, it helps soothe and calm irritated skin, reduce redness, and protect against oxidative stress. May have potential benefits in addressing skin conditions such as dermatitis or eczema.

Featured Products: Super 16 Violet Water Hydra-Gel

BUTTERBUR

A wonderful ingredient for sensitive skin having clinically proven anti-histamine and anti-leukotriene activities. It effectively soothes, reduces redness and irritation.

Featured Products: Renaissance Hand Cream Renaissance Mask Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum

CALCIUM

Known to support skin membrane strength and aid cellular functions as well as regulate the passage of nutrients in and out of skin cell walls. This nutrient regulates sebum production to maintain skin hydration.

Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser Restoration Oil, Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum

CAMELLIA JAPONICA

Japanese Camellia from Korea, prized for its moisturising, nourishing, anti-ageing, soothing and calming properties. Also reduces heavy metal-induced oxidative stress and proven to protect against arsenic, cadmium, lead, nickel (the most damaging metals found in Particulate Matter PM). Also increases dermal density to firm and reduce fine lines, increases hydration and reduces inflammation.

Featured Products: Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate Universal Hyaluronic Acid Serum

CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE

An ester derived from coconut oil and glycerin, used as an emollient in creams, oils and lotions that promotes penetration. Known for it's moisturizing properties as well as ability to improve texture and spreadability of products. Typically well-tolerated by most skin types, including sensitive and oily skin. It is non-comedogenic, meaning it is unlikely to clog pores or cause breakouts.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser

BALLOON VINE EXTRACT

A climbing plant from the tropics, contains high proportions of phytosteroles and triterpens which offer excellent anti-inflammatory & soothing properties. Hugely beneficial for conditions like eczema or dermatitis, it also supports the skin's natural barrier function, helping to maintain moisture and protect against external stressors. Also known as Cardiospermum Halicacabum.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

CARROT OIL (DAUCUS CAROTA)

Used since the 16th century to treat skin diseases, it contains a natural derivative of Vitamin A called pro-vitamin A, which helps nourish and protect the skin from signs of ageing. It also contains carotene, which gives carrots their bright orange colour and is proven free-radical scavenger. Together, these properties are used to treat skin conditions such as acne, dermatitis, skin irritations, rashes and wrinkles.

Featured Products:

CBD

CBD (cannabidiol) is a non-psychoactive compound derived from the hemp plant, known for its soothing, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidant properties. In skincare, CBD helps calm irritation, reduce redness, and balance oil production, making it beneficial for conditions like acne, eczema, and sensitive skin.

Its strong antioxidant effects also help protect the skin from environmental stressors and support a healthy, youthful glow. By promoting balance and reducing inflammation, CBD contributes to smoother, clearer, and more resilient skin.

Featured Products: Deeper Sleep Body Oil

CHICORY ROOT ACTIVE

Inulin extracted from Chicory Root, hydrates and moisturises but most importantly acts as a prebiotic to keep the skin's microbiome and therefore barrier function supported and healthy.

Featured Products: Super 16

CHONDRUS CRISPUS (IRISH MOSS)

A seaweed found in the Atlantic, often used for its ability to provide moisture to the skin, enhance its barrier function, and potentially reduce irritation. The extract is rich in polysaccharides that help lock in moisture.

Featured Products: Super 16

CO-ENZYME Q10

A naturally occurring enzymatic co-factor within the body that plays a crucial role in the production of cellular energy and other processes. Acts as a powerful and reliable antioxidant helping to neutralize harmful free radicals and reduce oxidative stress, which can contribute to premature ageing. Also has a major role in controlling cell membrane dynamics, which play an important role in protecting cellular integrity from external pollutants.  Therefore, reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, promotes skin firmness, and protects against UV damage

Featured Products: Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate

COCONUT MILK

Rich in fatty acids, known for its excellent moisturizing, soothing and anti-oxidant properties offering protection from free radicals, which can contribute to premature ageing. Its vitamins and minerals nourish the skin, supporting a healthy complexion.

Featured Products: Moon Salts

COCONUT OIL

Used as an alternative to mineral oil, it is a frequent ingredient in skincare for its excellent nourishing properties. It is also a brilliant anti-bacterial and anti-fungal ingredient and contains antioxidants that help combat free radical damage.

Featured Products: Rose De Mai Treatment Candle Love Treatment & Massage Candle

COLLOIDAL OATS

Contains a unique anti-inflammatory called avenanthramides, a rare antioxidant and anti-inflammatory compounds found almost exclusively in oats. This molecule significantly helps calm skin irritation by reducing inflammatory signals in the skin and soothing redness and itching. Also contain beta-glucans and lipids, which strengthen the skin barrier and help prevent moisture loss. Unlike many actives, it can both actively calm inflammation and repair the barrier at the same time, making it ideal for sensitive or compromised skin.

Featured Products: Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm Violet Water D-Spot

COLLOIDAL SILVER

A suspension of tiny silver particles with excellent anti-microbial and anti-bacterial benefits to help clear and reduce c.acnes bacteria in blemish prone skin and minor skin infections. It is also an anti-inflammatory.

Featured Products: Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Clearing Cleanser Violet Water D-Spot, Violet Water Treatment Tonic

COLLOIDAL SULPHUR

Unlike MSM (another form of sulphur), colloidal sulphur has additional anti-bacterial and exfoliating properties to help reduce blemishes and other
skin conditions such as psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis or dandruff. It also has anti-inflammatory properties that can help reduce redness. Part of our Triple Colloidal Complex (Colloidal Oats, Sulphur & Silver).

Featured Products: Violet Water D-Spot

COPPER PEPTIDES

A trace element recognised for its excellent wound healing capability, enhancing action of antioxidants and stimulating collagen production, contributing to skin firmness and elasticity. It also has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help soothe irritated or inflamed skin.

Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Renaissance Hand Cream Perfect Cleanser, Super 16

CRANBERRY OIL

Packed with antioxidants, particularly vitamin C and other polyphenols, protects the skin from free radical damage and promotes a healthier complexion. improved skin texture and suppleness. The antioxidants in cranberries can have anti-inflammatory properties, potentially reducing redness and irritation in the skin.

Featured Products: Vitamin E Bath Oil

SEA FENNEL EXTRACT (CRITHMUM MARITIMUM)

A brilliant marine extract that helps to detoxify and tone oxygen deficient skin and restore the hydrolipidic barrier. Also has anti-oxidant, skin soothing, moisturising, brightening and anti-ageing properties. Gives instant boost to tired skin.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Super 16

ECHIUM PLANTAGINEUM SEED EXTRACT

A skin-conditioning active that normalizes sensitive skin by immediately soothing irritated, inflamed and red skin with long-lasting, constant action with three active principles. Cardiospermum (Echium), rich in Omega 3, harmonizes and protects irritated skin and is effective against itchy and allergic inflammation. The stearidonic acid present in echium oil protects and strengthens the skin barrier and has an inflammation inhibitory effect. The unsaponified parts of the sunflower oil provide phytosterole, tocopherole and squale.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP

EUCALYPTUS

Used for its antibacterial and antimicrobial properties to help combat acne-causing bacteria and other skin infections. Also known for it's anti-inflammatory effects, which can reduce redness and swelling and cooling sensation on the skin.

Featured Products: Citylife Cleansing Concentrate

EUK-134

A remarkable self-regenerating Manganese molecule that combines destructive rogue Hydrogen & Oxygen free-radicals and turns them into H2O. It protects against toxic effects of free radicals by mimicking superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase activities. It scavenges Superoxide free radicals, eliminates Hydrogen Peroxide (H2 O2) and transforms ROS into water and Oxygen. Regenerates itself for 24-hour protection. Also prevents the formation of UV induced TT Dimer and Peroxide Lipids, which can also have a beneficial effect against UV induced cellular damage.

Featured Products: Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate

GALACTOARABINAN

A polysaccharide extracted from larch tree (vegetable alternative to Collagen) that firms, smooths and tones and adds natural sheen and radiance.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Eye Wonder Renaissance 360

GARDENIA FLOWER EXTRACT

Gardenia extract is rich in antioxidants, such as flavonoids and phenolic compounds, which help protect the skin from free radical damage and promote a more youthful complexion. Reduces the appearance of dark spots and promotes a more even skin tone. It also has soothing properties, helping to alleviate irritation or redness.

Featured Products: Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

GLUCONOLACTONE

Stimulates the production of Hyaluronic acid. Also a PHA (poly-hydroxy acids) often used instead of an AHA as an effective chemical exfoliator. The significant difference between them and AHAs is that gluconolactone has a larger molecular structure, which limits their ability to penetrate into the skin (6% reduction in skin penetration in comparison to glycolic acid), resulting in less irritating side-effects.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

GLUTAMIC ACID

An amino acid that promotes hydration, supports the skin's natural moisture barrier, and enhances overall skin texture. It’s a component of the skin's natural moisturising factors and helps bind water to the skin, improving hydration and maintaining a smooth appearance. Contributes to a healthy moisture balance, crucial for preventing dryness and maintaining the skin's suppleness.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

GLUTATHIONE

A tripeptide (derived from glutamic acid, cysteine and glycine) and the body's key and most powerful anti-oxidant, the production of which slows down as we age. Fiercely protects against cellular degradation and hyper-pigmentation and fights off free-radical attack. In our view one of the greatest anti-oxidants.

Featured Products: Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance 360 H2Glow

GLYCERIDES

Lipids or fatty compounds that are commonly used in skincare products for their moisturising and emollient properties. They support the skin's natural barrier function, helping to prevent moisture loss and protect the skin from external irritants.

Featured Products:

GLYCERIN

A humectant used in moisturisers that absorbs water from the air, helping the skin retain water. It is a sweet, syrupy alcohol that is produced from water and fats extracted from vegetable oils. It has been used in cosmetics for hundreds of years as a solvent, plasticizer, humectant, emollient and lubricant.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum, Renaissance Brightlight

GLYCINE

An amino acid involved in collagen production, essential for wound healing and maintaining skin's elasticity. Including glycine in skincare products can support the skin's ability to repair itself. Also has anti-inflammatory properties that can help soothe and calm irritated skin, potentially reducing redness and discomfort.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

GOTU KOLA

Also known as Centella asiatica, Gotu Kola is a herb traditionally used in Ayurvedic and traditional Chinese medicine. Known for its excellent anti-ageing, hydrating and anti-inflammatory properties which help soothe and calm irritated skin. Gotu Kola stimulates collagen synthesis, promoting skin elasticity and firmness.

Featured Products: H2Glow Violet Water D-Spot

CENTELLA ASIATICA (GOTU KOLA)

Centella asiatica has been used for hundreds of years as traditional medicine for numerous ailments from wound healing to cognitive benefits. It is rich in pentacyclic triterpenoids which is a group of phytochemicals that possess strong anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant, anti-microbial and wound healing properties.

Featured Products: Violet Water D-Spot H2Glow

GUARANA

Guarana is a powerful plant-derived ingredient prized in skincare for its high natural caffeine content and antioxidant properties. Extracted from the seeds of the Paullinia cupana plant, guarana helps to energise and revitalise tired-looking skin by boosting microcirculation, which can reduce the appearance of puffiness and dark circles, especially around the delicate eye area. Its antioxidant compounds work to defend against environmental stressors that contribute to premature ageing, while its mild stimulating effect can help the skin appear firmer and more toned.



Featured Products: Midnight Eye-Q

HIBISCUS

A lovely actives known for its exfoliating, hydrating and anti-ageing properties to improve texture and condition. Contains natural AHAs (including Citric Acid and Malic Acid) that gently exfoliate the skin, promoting a smoother texture and improved cell turnover. It also inhibits the activity of the enzyme elastase (which is responsible for breaking down our skin’s precious elastin) to help keep skin firm and supple. Rich in Anthocyanocides (a form of anti-oxidants) to help protect skin against free-radical damage. It is gentle and kind and shouldn't be confused with stronger acid exfoliators.

Featured Products: Floral Water - Organic Rose Water + MSM Toner

HORSE CHESTNUT

Extracted from a very British native tree, Horse Chestnut extract provides fantastic anti-inflammatory and cell protective benefits. Its main compound is escin, which helps strengthen capillary walls, promotes cell renewal and micro-circulation.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm, Violet Water Treatment Tonic

HYALURONIC ACID

Used for its exceptional ability to retain moisture, holding up to 1,000 times its weight in water, which keeps the skin well-hydrated and plump. Reduces appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and promotes a smoother, more youthful complexion.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Eye Wonder Super 16, Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum

HYDROXYPHENYL PROPAMIDOBENZOIC ACID

The calming chemical found in colloidal oats. It is a fantastic soother and anti-itch active offering instant soothing and calming properties.

Featured Products: Violet Water D-Spot Violet Water Treatment Tonic

HYDROXYPINACOLONE RETINOATE (VITAMIN A)

Also known as HPR or Granactive Retinoid, a fourth-generation Retinoid (Vitamin A), provides unrivalled skin health benefits, including wrinkle, dark spot and acne reduction with little irritation. It is oil soluble so absorbs very quickly and the only retinoid apart from Tretinoin or Retinoid Acid that does not need to go through any metabolic changes before it can be effective. In our view, the best of all the retinoids.

Featured Products: Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP

IRON

An essential mineral involved in the production of collagen and important for
wound healing. By boosting collagen production, Iron can help to improve skin elasticity and firmness whilst improving skin texture. It’s also a powerful antioxidant which can help protect the skin from free radical damage and promotes a healthy glow.

Featured Products: Renaissance Hand Cream Restoration Oil Renaissance Brightlight, Renaissance Body Treatment Milk

L-GLUTAMINE

The most abundant amino acid in the human body and involved in a vast amount of metabolic processes, including the synthesis and protection of glycogen, muscle tissue and immune support during periods of immune and muscular stress when the body’s natural L-Glutamine levels become depleted. It is also a major source of fuel for enterocytes (intestinal cells) and therefore supports the digestive system. L-Glutamine is manufactured by microbiological fermentation.

Featured Products: Lactoferrin +

LACTIC ACID

Extracted from sugar beet, Lactic Acid is the one acid that can be used regularly by all skin types, even those who might usually avoid acids. Not only does it resurface, but it also boosts skin hydration, which is ideal for sensitive skins. It is an Alpha Hydroxy Acid (AHA) noted for rich moisturising attributes and ability to exfoliate dead skin cells without provoking irritation.

Featured Products: Liquid Mask 10% Lactic Acid Overnight Peel Violet Water Clearing Cleanser Renaissance Mask

LACTOFERRIN

A key biological protein within the body found in saliva, tears, synovial fluid, white blood cells, sweat and a mother’s milk. Has proven antifungal, antiviral, antiparasitic, anti-inflammatory, iron regulating, skin healing and immunomodulatory activities. Also helps support gut microbiome health.

Featured Products: Lactoferrin +

LAMINARIA

A kelp extract that OSKIA use with Arnica to reduce eye puffiness and dark circles, its efficacy proven by three in-vivo studies. Vitamin P from the Laminaria decongests, and most importantly, strengthens and constricts the delicate capillaries of the eye area, reducing the appearance of ‘dark’ circles.

Featured Products: Eye Wonder

LAVENDER FLOWER OIL

Credited for its anti-inflammatory, antiseptic, antibacterial, soothing, healing, stimulating, antispasmodic and balancing properties. Also said to clean wounds, regulate skin functions and stimulate cellular growth and regeneration. It can produce excellent results when used in treatments for acne, burns, dermatitis, eczema and psoriasis.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Citylife Cleansing Concentrate Moon Salts, Deeper Sleep Body Oil

COLLAGENEER® (LUPINUS ALBUS SEED EXTRACT)

A patented active ingredient derived from White Lupin seed coatings that has the ability not only to increase the synthesis of Type I collagen (the most abundant collagen, which diminishes with age), but also to promote production of a high quality collagen that gives the skin its firmness and elasticity.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Super 16 Renaissance 360, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

LYSINE

A key amino acid that plays a role in collagen synthesis, which is crucial for maintaining skin's elasticity and firmness. Can support barrier function, important for maintaining hydration and protecting against external irritants. Also has wound healing, antiviral and antioxidant properties.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

MAGNESIUM

Magnesium is an essential mineral that plays a vital role in various physiological processes in the body. When used in topical skincare products or bath products, magnesium can boost Skin hydration, calm skin conditions as a powerful anti-inflammatory, aid muscle relaxation, reduce stress, improve skin barrier functions and improve certain skin conditions, such as psoriasis or atopic dermatitis.

Featured Products: Moon Salts Midnight Eye-Q

MAGNESIUM ASCORBYL PHOSPHATE

A fat soluble Vitamin C derivative that is extremely stable for use in skin care formulas, making it bio-available to the skin's deeper layers. It fights free radicals and prevents damage as it repairs skin from sun, stress and pollutants.

Featured Products:

MALACHITE

An important mineral for environmentally stressed skin by acting as an anti-oxidant and powerful detoxifier through the stimulation of glutathione reductase (considered the body’s most important cellular antioxidant). Rich in copper with a strong protective and radical scavenging activity, as well as a powerful detoxifying action, combats daily stresses and soothes.

Featured Products: Citylife Cleansing Concentrate Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate

MANGANESE

A trace mineral with collagen synthesising and hydrating properties. Supports
collagen production, contributes to wound healing, and aids in the skin's natural antioxidant defence. Plays a role in maintaining skinelasticity and firmness by assisting in the formation of collagen fibres.

Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser Super 16, Violet Water Hydra-Gel

MARINE PLANT STEM CELL COMPLEX

Known for its potential to benefit the skin by promoting cell renewal, improving skin texture and providing antioxidant protection. Possesses unique properties that stimulate the skin's natural regenerative processes, leading to a more youthful and rejuvenated appearance. Often included to address signs of ageing, enhance skin firmness and guard against environmental damage.

Featured Products: Super 16

MELATONIN

Melatonin is a naturally occurring hormone, cell communicator and cellular anti-oxidant that helps regulate the body’s sleep-wake cycle. Topically, its powerful antioxidant and anti-ageing properties, helps protect the skin from oxidative stress caused by environmental factors like UV radiation and pollution, and switches on nocturnal skin regeneration and repair processes.

Featured Products: Deeper Sleep Body Oil Midnight Elixir Midnight Eye-Q

MILK PEPTIDES

MPC Milk Peptides® (milk peptides) stimulate Collagen I synthesis by 40%, Hyaluronic acid by 1900%, reduce the depth of wrinkles by 35% and increase skin smoothness by 17% in 14 days.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Bedtime Beauty Boost Sample Eye Wonder, Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum

MONK'S PEPPER

Mimics B-endorphin activity resulting in the boosting of the skin’s own melanin production to bring out your own natural tan colour and boost skin’s own UV defence, ensuring the skin is sun-ready with a protective tan.

Featured Products: Adaptive Tan Mist

MORINGA

Often referred to as "the drumstick tree" or "miracle tree," it's a versatile plant with anti-oxidant, nutrient-rich, antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory properties, making it beneficial for soothing irritated or sensitive skin and reducing redness. It's cleansing properties help remove impurities and pollutants from the skin, promoting a clearer complexion.

Featured Products: Citylife Cleansing Concentrate Violet Water Clearing Cleanser

MSM

Our founding mineral, first used as an equine supplement to repair race horses joints by our business over 30 years ago. The most bio-available form of sulphur, it is used in over 140 components in the body, including collagen, keratin, amino acids and glutathione production, and is a wonderful anti-inflammatory. Proven reduction of fine lines, helps conditions from acne and eczema to leaky gut syndrome, damaged joints, arthritis, osteoporosis and psoriasis. Full name Merthylsulfonylmethane, found in onions, cabbage, garlic, asparagus.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm, Perfect Cleanser

OSKIA BRIGHTENING COMPLEX

OSKIA’s encapsulated brightening liposome includes Glutathione – the body’s key antioxidant and tripeptide that unfortunately decreases as we age; natural Arbutin (from Bearberry leaf) both of which inhibit the enzyme Tyrosinase (which stimulates melanin production within the melanocytes); and antioxidants Vitamins C & E. 0.4% of Nanobright inhibits melanin formation by 74% to reduce hyper-pigmentation concerns, brighten and even skin tone.

Featured Products: Renaissance 360 Renaissance Brightlight

ARBUTIN

Known for its skin-brightening and pigmentation-reducing properties. Designed to address hyperpigmentation issues and promote a more even, radiant complexion. Arbutin works by inhibiting the enzyme responsible for melanin production, which can help lighten dark spots, hyperpigmentation, and uneven skin tone.

Featured Products: Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance 360 H2Glow

VITAMIN B3 (NIACINAMIDE)

A fantastic vitamin that benefits all skin concerns, particularly barrier function. Improves skin hydration, elasticity and skin tone. Improves skin health by reducing inflammation, minimizing pore size and addressing issues like acne and hyperpigmentation. Reduces water loss by 24% in 4 weeks, boosts fatty acid and ceramides by 67% and 34% respectively; stimulates new fibroblasts by 20% and collagen secretion by 54%; inhibits pigmentation by 68%.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser, Eye Wonder

O3 STRESSED YEAST LYSATE

A live yeast cell derivative that contains metabolic stimulating substances to increase cell respiration and promote wound healing. It also has strong antioxidant power to protect fragile cellular DNA, RNA and skin lipids after sun exposure. Helps reduce UV induced damage and stimulate the skin’s own natural defences.

(Saccharomyces Ferment Lysate Filtrate)

Featured Products: Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Nutri-Active Day Cream, Nutri-Bronze Sheer Tinted Serum

OAT CERAMIDES

Support the skin’s barrier function by helping to prevent transepidermal water loss (TEWL) and dryness, therefore promoting a healthy skin microbiome. Soothing and calming, a great ingredient in formulas for sensitive and compromised skin.

Featured Products: Renaissance Hand Cream Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream, Rest Day Cleansing Milk

OMEGAS 3, 6 & 9

Essential Fatty Acids that boost lipid content and aid repair of the skin’s barrier function, protecting delicate skin and increasing hydration to increase softness and elasticity.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm Renaissance Hand Cream, Perfect Cleanser

OPUNTIA FICUS-INDICA EXTRACT

An organic cactus also known as Pricky Pear. Rich in highly anti-oxidant Piscidic Acid and Vitamins A, B1, B2, B3 & C, blocks the release of stress markers from nerve cells to calm irritated skin while providing soothing & firming benefits.

Featured Products: Super 16 Liquid Mask 10% Lactic Acid Overnight Peel Rest Day Cleansing Milk, Violet Water Treatment Tonic

OSKIA'S BIO-MIMETIC NUTRI-BARRIER COMPLEX

A synergistic blend of amino acids and vitamins, together with calming Allantoin, Blue Microalgae complex, Bisabolol & MSM to support and restore the skin's natural barrier function.

Featured Products: Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

OSKIA AMINO ACID BLEND

Our bespoke blend of healthy-boosting amino acids helps support barrier function for super smooth, hydrated and healthy skin. It contains Alanine, Arginine, Betaine, Glycine, Lysine, Proline, Serine & Threonine.

Featured Products: Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Treatment Tonic Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum, Isotonic Hydra-Serum Sample

OSKIA FERMENTED MINERAL POLYPEPTIDE MIX

OSKIA’S own fermented mineral complex delivers Magnesium, Iron, Zinc and Silicon in bio-available form for a full skin cell health boost.

Featured Products: Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance Mask Bedtime Beauty Boost, Bedtime Beauty Boost Sample

OSKIA BIOMIMETIC HYDRATION COMPLEX

Our own Biomimetic Hydration Complex is comprised of 16 synergistic actives and amino acids that provide the building blocks for Hyaluronic Acid manufacture, reduce the natural hyaluronic acid destruction by enzymes and support cellular Hyaluronic Acid synthesis for long term comfort.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Skin Saviours Edit

OSKIA MELANIN BOOST COMPLEX

Is a unique blend of actives and nutrients that help support the skin's natural melanin production.

Featured Products: Adaptive Tan Mist

OSKIA MSM REGEN COMPLEX

Our Unique MSM Regen Complex is an exclusive blend of cellular nutrients that help support the skin's natural cellular processes to boost skin health.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Eye Wonder Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum, Liquid Mask 10% Lactic Acid Overnight Peel

OSKIA TRIPLE COLLOIDAL COMPLEX

A triple colloidal complex comprising of colloidal oats, sulphur & silver to support blemish prone skin with strong anti-bacterial and anti-inflammatory properties to help calm and clear skin.

Featured Products: Violet Water D-Spot Violet Water Set

OSKIA’S ENCAPSULATED MULTI-VITAMIN COMPLEX

Contains 4 key vitamins - Vitamin A - normalizes keratinisation, regulates sebum production in acne, reverses and treats photo-damage. Vitamin C – antioxidant, boosts collagen synthesis and stratum corneum barrier lipids, regenerates Vitamin E, provides photo-protection (in combination with Vit. E). Vitamin E - membrane antioxidant, protects against oxidative damage, provides photo-protection. Vitamin F - cellular regeneration of the membranes and tissues.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Nutri-Active Day Cream Nutri-Bronze Sheer Tinted Serum, Renaissance 360

Pro-Vitamin B5 (Panthenol) is an excellent soothing, softening and conditioning vitamin, providing suppleness, strength and hydration to irritated skin and hair. Stimulates skin cellular proliferation and help tissue repair, as well acting as a powerful humectant, holding water within the product or attracting water from the environment.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm, Perfect Cleanser

PAPAYA ENZYMES

Extracted from papaya fruit particularly when in it's green or unripe state. These enzymes are used as chemical exfoliants to help remove dead skin cells, unclog pores, and promote a smoother complexion. They can contribute to a more even skin tone, improve texture, and enhance the absorption of other skincare products.

Featured Products: Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance Mask

PEA PEPTIDES

Derived from Pisum sativum, commonly known as the garden pea, these peptides are naturally occurring chains of amino acids, the building blocks of proteins. A powerhouse ingredient, offering a multitude of benefits including: boosting hair follicle growth, keratin, collagen and melanin production, soothing & anti-inflammatory properties and cellular hydration.

Featured Products: Adaptive Tan Mist Vitamin Eye Make Up Remover Super Mane

PENTAPEPTIDE 59

A biomimetic (copy of a natural compound) peptide that is based on a sea anemone protein which instantly calms sensitive skin and reduces irritation and itching. It works by inhibiting the pain receptor TRPV1.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Isotonic Hydra-Serum Sample

PEPTIDES

OSKIA uses a whole range of peptides, each of which have different benefits. In general, peptides are short chains of amino acids, which in turn are the building blocks of proteins. Known for their hydrating, moisturising and anti-ageing properties as well as helping to strengthen the skin's natural barrier, which is important for protecting against environmental factors and maintaining healthy skin.

Featured Products:

PHYTIC ACID

A gentle exfoliating and anti-oxidant AHA (Alpha Hydroxy Acid). Large molecular weight so less irritating than other stronger acids. Helps keep skin clear and brighter.

Featured Products: Violet Water Clearing Cleanser

PHYTOSTEROLS

Plant-derived compounds with moisturizing, anti-inflammatory, barrier-enhancing, antioxidant, collagen-stimulating and wound-healing properties. Used to effectively repair the lipid barrier and protect the NMF whilst stimulating collagen production contributing to skin firmness and elasticity.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser, Super C Beauty Capsules

PINK HIMALAYAN SALT

Used as a physical exfoliant to remove dead skin cells, promote smoother skin, and improve skin texture. Contains various minerals and trace elements, including magnesium, calcium, and potassium, which nourish the skin. Help skin retain moisture by creating a barrier that prevents water loss, making it suitable for dry or dehydrated skin.

Featured Products: Renaissance Body Scrub

POLYGLUTAMIC ACID

A naturally occurring biopolymer peptide (a chain of glutamic amino acids) derived from fermented soybeans. It has exceptional water-binding properties holding 5,000 times its weight in water, better than Hyaluronic Acid (HA), making it a potent moisturising ingredient. However, unlike HA, PGA also has antioxidant properties, inhibits the production of melanin and potentially prevents hyaluronidase, which is the enzyme that breaks down the natural hyaluronic acid in the skin. Overall it strengthens the barrier function, improves texture, boosts skin hydration and plumps.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Cleansing Milk, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

POMEGRANATE

Pomegranate extract is loaded with antioxidants, particularly polyphenols and Vitamin C which help protect the skin from free radicals, reducing signs of premature ageing. It is also known for its skin-repairing, collagen-promoting, moisturizing, brightening, and anti-inflammatory properties.

Featured Products:

POMEGRANATE STEROLS

Derived from pomegranate seeds and used for their ability to moisturise and support the skin's barrier function. These sterols are plant-derived lipids that mimic the natural lipids found in the skin's outermost layer. They enhance the skin's ability to retain moisture, resulting in improved hydration and a smoother, more supple complexion.

Featured Products: Rest Day Cleansing Milk Renaissance Body Treatment Milk Renaissance Hand Cream

POTASSIUM

Used to help regulate hydration levels, support cellular function, soothe the skin and promote a balanced pH. Helps calm irritation and contributes to overall skin health.

Featured Products: Perfect Cleanser Renaissance Hand Cream Micro Exfoliating Balm, Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum

POTASSIUM AZELOYL DIGLYCINATE

Used in skincare for its skin-brightening, acne-management, moisturising, and barrier-supporting properties. It is often included in products aimed at addressing hyperpigmentation and acne-related concerns while being gentle on the skin.

Featured Products: Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water D-Spot

PREBIOTIC ALPHA-GLUCAN OLIGOSACCHARIDE

OSKIA use a powerful, patented, prebiotic complex, a combination of Inulin (from Chicory Root) and Alpha-Glucan Oligosaccharide (from natural sugars), proven to help maintain and support the skin's natural microflora by stimulating our beneficial microflora to the disadvantage to the hostile organism (targeted feeding) and maintaining the skin conditions necessary for the growth of useful organisms.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser, Violet Water Clearing Cleanser

PRO-VITAMIN D3

A naturally-occurring active essential for the synthesis of Vitamin D, the only vitamin made in our own skin and which plays a crucial role in skin health. Helps regulate cell growth and differentiation, contributing to a smoother and healthier complexion. Supports the skin's natural defence mechanisms, reducing the risk of infections and inflammation. Furthermore, it aids in the synthesis of collagen, promoting skin elasticity and minimizing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.

Featured Products: Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm Vitamin Eye Make Up Remover Midnight Eye-Q

PROBIOTICS

Live bacteria clinically-proven to calm and sooth irritated skin, while maintaining the health of our bacteria to prevent the colonisation of bad bacteria to ward off infections.

Featured Products: Rest Day Cleansing Milk Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

PROLINE

A key amino acid and component in collagen production, helps maintain the skin's natural barrier function, essential for retaining moisture and protecting against environmental stressors. Its inclusion in skincare supports collagen synthesis and can also help minimise the appearance of scars by promoting proper tissue regeneration.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

PUMPKIN ENZYMES

A brilliant enzyme extracted from pumpkin fruit that helps clear the skin of dead, dull cells by dissolving intercellular glue without effecting the skin's natural pH and microbiome, which can cause irritation and weaker barrier function. Stimulates regeneration to firm, smooth fine lines.

Featured Products: Renaissance Cleansing Gel Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance Body Scrub, Renaissance Cleansing Gel 15th Birthday Edition

RASPBERRY OIL

Rich in anti-oxidants and known for its soothing, hydrating, brightening, and potential anti-ageing properties. It has natural anti-inflammatory properties that can soothe and calm irritated or sensitive skin. Raspberry seed oil, derived from the seeds, contains natural sun-protective properties, offering mild UV protection.

Featured Products: Vitamin E Bath Oil Deeper Sleep Body Oil

RED ALGAE

Also known as Rhodophyta, has hydrating, anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, wound healing and antimicrobial properties. Also promotes collagen production and contribute to a more even skin tone by reducing the appearance of pigmentation irregularities.

Featured Products: Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

RESVERATROL

One of the most powerful natural anti-oxidants, found in red grapes - aka red wine (if there was ever an excuse) - protects against free-radicals, calms and enhances collagen synthesis by activating estrogen receptors to firm and reduce wrinkles by stimulating fibroblast production.

Featured Products: Midnight Elixir Midnight Eye-Q

RETINOL (VITAMIN A)

A powerful active that helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, age spots and improve acne. Stimulates collagen production helping improve skin elasticity and firmness. It’s also effective at unclogging pores, reducing acne breakouts and improving overall skin texture. The king/queen of all skincare actives. There are a number of retinol and retinoid derivatives that we use.

 

Featured Products: Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm, Adaptive Tan Mist

RIBOSE

Known as the ‘beauty sugar’, it is a natural pentose sugar that is present in all living cells. Proven to increase cell respiration and restore ATP reserves, the cell’s energy bank, resulting in improved cell activity for healthier skin, reduced wrinkle formation, an enhanced complexion and increased elasticity. Consumer clinical trials have also shown skin to feel firmer by 71%. Leaves skin fresh looking and healthier.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Renaissance Mask

ROSE WATER

Gently astringent, cleansing with a beautiful perfume. Deliciously cooling, soothing and refreshing to the skin.

Featured Products: Eye Wonder Floral Water - Organic Rose Water + MSM Toner Universal Hyaluronic Acid Serum

ROSEHIP SEED OIL

An antioxidant and tissue regenerator, preventing premature ageing, minimising wrinkles and reducing scars. The oil constitutes three-quarters essential fatty acids: oleic, linoleic, and linolenic, which help maintain healthy skin. Rosehip oil also contains a derivative of Retinol (vitamin A), which replenishes and helps rebuild skin tissue.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Renaissance Body Treatment Milk Nutri-Active Day Cream, Nutri-Bronze Sheer Tinted Serum

ROSEMARY EXTRACT (ROSMARINUS OFFICINALIS)

Strong anti-glycation and anti-oxidant properties to firm and heal. Attributed with wound healing, toning, antiseptic, stimulating, antibacterial, softening and invigorating properties. Also increases blood circulation, aiding skin regeneration. Recommended for the treatment of acne, dandruff and for soothing eczema and other skin irritations.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP Super Mane

SALICYLIC ACID

is the key BHA (oil-soluble acids) which means it can penetrate through the sebum layer and help clear pores. It is also a wonderful anti-inflammatory as it modulates COX-1 enzymatic activity to decrease the formation of pro-inflammatory markers. It is often used to treat acne, warts and other skin infections. An excellent active for oily skin types.

Featured Products: Violet Water Clearing Cleanser Violet Water Treatment Tonic

SELENIUM

Selenium is a trace mineral that helps protect skin cells from oxidative stress by supporting antioxidant enzymes like glutathione peroxidase. Also a strong anti-inflammatory, it helps calms skin and improve conditions linked to oxidative damage. Selenium also contributes to immune system function, which plays a role in how the skin defends against environmental aggressors. Adequate selenium levels may help support skin repair and overall skin resilience. However, both deficiency and excessive intake can negatively affect skin and overall health, so a balanced internal intake is important.



Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser Super 16, Nutri-Active Day Cream

SERINE

One of the 20 amino acids that are the building blocks of proteins in the body. Known for its moisturizing, barrier-supporting, anti-irritant, and skin-repairing properties. It plays a role in enhancing skin hydration and maintaining a healthy skin barrier.

Featured Products: Violet Water Treatment Tonic H2Glow

SHEA BUTTER

A rich nut butter, rich in Vitamin D, F and Omega's 3, 6 & 9. Traditionally used all over the world to nourish and protect skin. Helps improve suppleness, increase moisturisation and improve the appearance of irritated skin. Contains Allantoin, a wonderful anti-inflammatory, which justify its traditional healing use.

Featured Products: Rest Day Comfort Cream Perfect Cleanser Bedtime Beauty Boost

SHIITAKE & TURKEY TAIL COMPLEX

This innovative complex contains the Shiitake & Turkey Tail mushrooms, known for their fantastic brightening and anti-inflammatory activity. This complex also utilizes sea fennel: a natural alternative to retinol, and gluconolactone: a gentle, exfoliating polyhydroxy acid to provide skin evenness. By combining these actives, the skin feels and looks smoother and brighter regardless of your skin type.

Featured Products: Midnight Elixir Midnight Eye-Q

SILICA

Silica supports skin by helping form collagen and elastin, which maintain firmness, elasticity and hydration. Also aids skin repair and strengthens the dermal structure. In the body, silica supports connective tissues including hair, nails, joints and blood vessels. It also helps the body utilise key minerals like calcium and magnesium, supporting overall tissue and skin health. It is also used as a very mild micro-exfoliant if used as a topical.

Featured Products: Citylife I-Zone Lip & Eye Balm Micro Exfoliating Balm

SMITHSONITE

Chelates heavy metals found in VOCs and PM (from industry and exhausts). Also anti-glycation effect and protects skin cell DNA. Soothes and brightens skin as well as supporting acne prone skin.

Featured Products: Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate

SNAP 8™ PEPTIDE (ACETYL OCTAPEPTIDE-3)

Known as topical Botox, due to its ability to relax muscles, this neuro-peptide is proven to relax ​muscles to smooth the skin’s surface and support ​regeneration. Used to soften expression lines, such as crow’s feet, forehead lines and smile lines, offering a smoother, more youthful complexion over time. (Snap-8™ is a trademark of The Lubrizol Corporation or its affiliates.)

Featured Products: Midnight Elixir Midnight Eye-Q

SNOW ALGAE

Coenochloris Signiensis Extract is a unique red extremophile algae that has managed to create survival strategies which enable them to grow on glaciers and snow. In order to survive in these harsh conditions, the snow algae have developed a kind of “sleeping beauty” tactic. It stimulates the longevity gene Klotho and activates AMPK, a master switch in the cellular defence and energy system. Snow Algae improves skin structure, slows down ageing process of skin cells, increases production of collagen, protects and activates longevity factors in skin cells, rejuvenates and protects skin at cellular level, all leading to reinforced, smoother glowing and hydrated skin.

Featured Products: H2Glow

SODIUM ASCORBYL PHOSPHATE (VITAMIN C)

A Vitamin C derivative with extreme anti-oxidant capacity and well-documented skin health benefits. Firms skin due to fibroblast generation which reduces skin permeability. Boosts collagen production to reduce fine lines and brightens skin due to its anti-oxidant capacity. One of the most stable and potent forms of Vitamin C, proven to reduce melanogenisis in the melanocytes by 57% and age spots by 25% using only 0.14%.

Featured Products: Citylife Anti-Pollution & Anti-Oxidant Concentrate Citylife Cleansing Concentrate Citylife I-Zone Lip & Eye Balm, H2Glow

SODIUM CHLORIDE (SALT)

Used for its natural cleansing, toning, refreshening, anti-inflammatory, astringent, antiseptic and moisture absorption properties. Also used as a stabiliser.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream

SODIUM GLUCONATE

The salt form of Gluconic Acid produced from the sugar Glucose. It is used to improve the stability of a formula and can function as a humectant with isotonic functions, meaning it helps skin retain a balanced amount of water inside and outside the cell wall.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

SODIUM LACTATE

The sodium salt of Lactic Acid, which offers hydration-enhancing benefits when used in skincare. It’s part of our skin’s natural moisturising factor which helps to maintain skin’s hydration. It absorbs moisture from its environment and improves water retention.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm, Renaissance Mask

SODIUM PCA (PYROLLIDONE CARBOXYLIC ACID)

Occurs naturally in human skin derived from amino acids and is responsible for binding moisture to the cells. It is highly water-absorbent, holding several times its weight in water, which makes it an excellent humectant.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

SOYBEAN OIL

A rich source of antioxidants, helps to protect the skin from damage
caused by free radicals and reduce appearance of sun damage. Helps to reduce visible effects of skin ageing and works to strengthen the skin’s moisture barrier.

Featured Products: Love Treatment & Massage Candle Rose De Mai Treatment Candle

ACMELLA FLOWER EXTRACT

Also known as the toothache plant, it's used in skincare for its ability to reduce the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines. Contains a compound called spilanthol, which has a natural muscle-relaxing effect when applied topically, this helps to smooth and firm the skin.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

SPIRULINA-PLATENSIS EXTRACT

Derived from blue-green algae, rich in micro-nutrients, with potent antioxidant properties to protect against free radicals, provides hydration due to its high water content, and has strong anti-inflammatory effects.

Featured Products: Rest Day Comfort Cream

SQUALANE

A plant derived, saturated fat, restores the lipid barrier, balances the skin’s natural oils and improves hydration and smoothness. Saturated oils have single bonds within their fatty acid chains, which makes them more stable and resistant to free-radical attack. Extracted from olive oil.

Featured Products: Super C Beauty Capsules

SQUALENE

OSKIA uses a plant derived Squalene which is a natural component of the skin and a good emollient with antioxidant properties. As a saturated fat it restores the lipid barrier, balances the skin’s natural oils and improves hydration and smoothness.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Renaissance 360 Nutri-Bronze Sheer Tinted Serum, Super C Beauty Capsules

STRAWBERRY

Known to have antioxidant, skin brightening, exfoliation, hydration, and anti-inflammatory properties. The vitamin C in strawberries not only helps protect skin from free radical damage but can contribute to a brighter and more even skin tone, reducing the appearance of dark spots and dullness. They also contain natural AHAs which provide gentle exfoliation.

Featured Products: Vitamin E Bath Oil Deeper Sleep Body Oil

SWISS APPLE STEM CELLS

Phyto Cell Tec Mallus™ - revolutionary technology designed to protect human skin stem cells with the help of stem cells from a rare Swiss apple. Increases the cell’s resistance to stress and helps repair the skin’s own DNA to reduce wrinkles and fine lines.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Bedtime Beauty Boost Eye Wonder, Nutri-Active Day Cream

SWISS CRESS LIPOSOMES

A liposomal preparation of Swiss garden cress sprouts rich in sulforaphane, a powerful antioxidant phytonutrient, ideal for the treatment of dark spots, age spots and hyper-pigmentation. Clinically proven to reduce melanin production by 47% using only 0.4%. We use 2-4% within our OSKIA products.

Featured Products: Renaissance Hand Cream Renaissance Brightlight Renaissance 360, Renaissance Mask

ENCAPSULATED SWISS GLACIER WATER

An instantly refreshing, cooling liposomal preparation of Swiss glacier water to deeply hydrate the skin. The glacier water is encapsulated by lecithin molecules, which ensure that the moisture is carried into the deeper layers of the epidermis offering 24 hour hydration and a feeling of purity and freshness.

Featured Products: H2Glow

SYMCALMINGREEN

An anti-inflammatory and anti-itch active with fantastic anti-histaminic activity. It is the active chemical found in the soothing power of oats, which precisely targets the sensory perception of itchiness for fast-acting and long-lasting relief. The ingredient is concentrated at 5% dihydroavenanthramide D, a patented neuro-soothing agent that helps breaking prolonged itch-scratch cycle.

(Source - oats)

Featured Products: Violet Water Clearing Cleanser Violet Water D-Spot Violet Water Duo Sample, Violet Water Hydra-Gel

SYNACTIN® AC

is a synergistic blend addressing acne-affected skin problems. It modulates all five key anti-acne targets below and clinically proven to reduce the blemish size and count: Reduction of keratinization to help prevent pore blockage, Decreasing sebaceous gland activity, Controlling follicular bacterial overpopulation, Anti-inflammatory, Reducing post-inflammatory, hyperpigmentation

(Source – organic synthesis from plant materials)

Featured Products: Violet Water D-Spot Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Set, Violet Water Treatment Tonic

THREONINE

An amino acid that Contributes to skin health through its involvement in protein synthesis and overall cellular function. Its properties make it an effective ingredient in skincare products for supporting skin barrier function, moisture retention and overall skin vitality.

Featured Products: Isotonic Electrolyte Hydra-Serum Rest Day Comfort Cream Violet Water Hydra-Gel, Rest Day Barrier Repair Balm

TITANIUM DIOXIDE

Also known as titanium (IV) oxide or titania, is a naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula TiO2. Used in skincare as a natural mineral pigment (pigments are classified with numbers), a thickener or a UV barrier in sun care.

Featured Products:

TOCOTRIENOLS (SMART VITAMIN E)

A superior, much more powerful (40-60% stronger) anti-oxidant form of Vitamin E protect the skin against free-radicals, environmental stressors and oxidative damage while also soothing and calming. Unlike traditional Tocopherols, Tocotrienols are also highly anti-inflammatory. The polyunsaturated side chain of tocotrienols also allows tocotrienols to penetrate more efficiently into cell membranes compared to tocopherols providing superior nourishment and efficacy.

Featured Products: Super C Beauty Capsules

TOMATO LYCOPENE

A natural antioxidant derived from tomatoes, known for its anti-oxidant and sun protection, reducing signs of premature ageing. Contributes to a brighter and more even skin tone by reducing the appearance of dark spots and pigmentation. Lycopene has anti-inflammatory properties, which soothe irritated skin and reduce redness.

Featured Products: Super C Beauty Capsules

TREHALOSE

A naturally occurring sugar molecule designed to enhance moisture levels and shield the skin from external factors. Aids moisture retention, enhancing the skin's resilience and protecting against environmental stressors, temperature fluctuations and UV radiation.

Featured Products: Rest Day Comfort Cream

TRYPTOPHAN

An essential amino acid not commonly used topically in skincare products, but has wonderful hydration and anti-oxidant properties. Its influence on mood, sleep, and overall health can indirectly impact the skin positively. A healthy, stress-free lifestyle that supports tryptophan intake through diet can contribute to better skin health.

Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser Nutri-Bronze Sheer Tinted Serum

TUMERIC ROOT EXTRACT

Tumeric is a wonderful anti-inflammatory that has been used in Asia for over 4,000 years as a medicine, spice and colour. Best known for its anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, brightening, wound healing and anti-ageing properties.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Super-R Retinoid Capsules 0.5% HRP

TYROSINE

An amino acid that plays a crucial role in various bodily functions, including the production of melanin, neurotransmitters, and hormones. Boosts the skin’s own melanin production to boost skin’s own UV defence and ensure skin is sun-ready with a protective tan.

Featured Products: Adaptive Tan Mist

VIOLET WILLOW EXTRACT

A botanical extract derived from the bark of willow trees, specifically the violet willow (Salix daphnoides) species that contains natural Salicylic Acis and used for its anti-inflammatory, exfoliating and anti-oxidant properties. Its exfoliating and anti-inflammatory properties can make it beneficial for managing acne-prone skin.

Featured Products: Violet Water Clearing Cleanser Violet Water D-Spot Violet Water Treatment Tonic

VITAMIN B12

Promotes skin health through cell turnover, protecting the skin barrier, reducing inflammation and redness, aiding in wound healing and helping with pigmentation issues. It contributes to a smoother complexion, supports natural moisture retention and has wonderful anti-inflammatory properties that can soothe irritation. A beautiful bright red colour.

Featured Products: Violet Water Hydra-Gel Violet Water Treatment Tonic Universal Hyaluronic Acid Serum

VITAMIN B1 & B2

Aid cellular energy production and enhances activity of other B vitamins. Additionally B1, retains moisture, calms, soothes and aids elasticity and firmness. Also protects against free radicals and supports acne prone skin, overall skin health by promoting cell turnover, leading to a healthier complexion.

Featured Products: Restoration Oil Nutri-Active Day Cream Bedtime Beauty Boost, Super 16

VITAMIN B6

Wide-ranging physiological functions but topically, contains excellent anti-inflammatory properties to calm reactive skin.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser, Restoration Oil

VITAMIN C

Vitamin C is an antioxidant & brightener with proven ability to stimulate collagen production, its greatest benefit, to firm and plump skin. There are many forms of Vitamin C each with very different properties, with only a few derivatives able to directly reduce melanin production. How does it boost collagen? The primary structure of collagen consists of three protein strands that wind together in a triple helix. The three amino acids in collagen are glycine, proline and hydroxyproline. Vitamin C is important in the structure of collagen because the amino acid hyroxyproline cannot be created without Vitamin C. Major Vitamin C deficiency results in scurvy where there is a lack of collagen in the body.

Featured Products: Super C Beauty Capsules Perfect Cleanser Super 16, Bedtime Beauty Boost

VITAMIN E

With anti-oxidant and calming properties, Vitamin E is beneficial in helping prevent the signs of premature ageing through protecting the skin from environmental pollution, protecting against UV radiation and powerful anti-inflammatory action. There are a number of different forms of Vitamin E each with different benefits.

Featured Products: Perfect Cleanser Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Bedtime Beauty Boost, Micro Exfoliating Balm

VITAMIN F

A combination of 2 essential fatty acids, linoleic acid (omega-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (omega-3), crucial for maintaining healthy skin, hair, and nails. Excellent moisturizing, hydrating, anti-inflammatory and anti-ageing properties.

Featured Products: Bedtime Beauty Boost Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser, Restoration Oil

VITAMIN K

Known for its wound healing and anti-inflammatory properties, used topically to help reduce bruising and improve the appearance of post-surgery or post-injury skin. Evens skin tone and reduces discolouration and dark circles by strengthening damaged and broken capillaries.

Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser Restoration Oil, Nutri-Active Day Cream

VITAMIN P

A bioflavonoid that strengthens and reduces permeability of capillary walls, aids circulation and enhances efficacy of Vitamin C. Plays a role in maintaining healthy blood vessels, reducing inflammation and supporting the body's immune system. Excellent active to help prevent dark circles.

Featured Products: Eye Wonder

WHITE PEONY ROOT

A botanical extract with strong inflammatory, anti-oxidant and hydrating properties. It is excellent for soothing irritated skin and therefore suitable for people with sensitive or redness-prone skin. It is also used for its potential to brighten the skin and even out the complexion.

Featured Products: H2Glow

WHITE TEA

An anti-oxidant rich type of tea made from the young leaves and buds of the Camellia sinensis plant, offers potential protection against oxidative stress and certain diseases.

Featured Products: Adaptive Tan Mist

WILLOW BARK EXTRACT

A natural alternative to synthetic chemical exfoliants, used for its exfoliating and acne-fighting benefits due to its salicylic acid content, which can help unclog pores, reduce acne, and improve overall skin texture. Additionally, it can have mild skin-soothing properties.

Featured Products: Citylife Cleansing Concentrate

YLANG YLANG

Distilled from fresh flowers, Ylang Ylang has a sensual, exotic smell and is known for its aphrodisiac properties.

Featured Products: Vitamin E Bath Oil

YUZU JUICE

has been used for hundreds of years by Japanese Geisha as the secret to their flawless skin. Rich in Vitamin C and a natural blend of AHA’s it helps brighten skin by gently exfoliating and slows down melanin production. Also offers anti-oxidant protection and skin soothing effect, calming redness and irritation.

Featured Products: Violet Water Treatment Tonic

ZINC-GLYCINE COMPLEX

A super skin mineral that supports production of collagen and elastin, helps reduce oil secretion and oxidative stress. A critical factor in the healing process and DNA synthesis. Absorption of Zinc is increased by grafting it onto Glycine, the smallest amino-acid, to aid penetration. For acne prone skin, its magic lies in anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties, and its ability to regulates the production of oil, excess sebum and male hormones, as well as regulate the production of keratinocytes, again helping to keep pores clear.


Featured Products: Micro Exfoliating Balm Perfect Cleanser Renaissance Body Treatment Milk, Citylife Cleansing Concentrate

ZINC OXIDE

A soft, white mineral powder that is insoluble in water and forms a soothing, protective barrier on the skin. It occurs naturally in small quantities as the mineral Zincite and has mild antiseptic properties. It is used to increase the water-resistance of skin care products and protect against UV rays.

Featured Products: Get Up & Glow Energizing & Brightening Serum Renaissance Hand Cream Eye Wonder, Super 16

HELP
Shipping & Returns
FAQs
Book a Consultation
Contact Us
ABOUT OSKIA
Our Story
Our Awards
Stockists
Spa Locator
The OSKIA Edit
Professional Products
B Corp Certified
INFO
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Programme & Referral Scheme
Affiliate Programme
Subscription Service
Do not sell or share my personal information
Sign up to our newsletters and receive £10 off your first order
Email
Subscribe
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
Twitter
Pinterest
Vimeo
Payment methods
﻿
Bag
Login
Close Cart

Free shipping

$150+

Free Samples

with every order

Subscribe & Save 15%

Progress: 0%
You are $202.52 away from FREE SHIPPING!
Your cart is empty!

Add your favorite items to your cart.

Shop Now