https://www.oskiaskincare.com/products/adaptive-tan-mist-100ml

Skip to content

Free UK delivery On All Orders £40+

Country/region
USD $ | United States
Language
English
SHOP
ROUTINE FINDER
LOYALTY
SKIN NUTRITION
THE OSKIA EDIT
ABOUT
Language
English
Log in
Cart
 Enjoy a complimentary travel-size Super-R with every order 
Image 2 is now available in gallery view
Skip to product information
Adaptive Tan Mist

Tri-Phase LongWear Self-Tan

4.6
|
16 Reviews
5 out of 6 (83%) reviewers recommend this product
Write a review
Regular price
$90.00
 | 100ml
Sold out
Decrease quantity for Adaptive Tan Mist
Increase quantity for Adaptive Tan Mist
Out of Stock
NOTIFY ME WHEN AVAILABLE

Multi-Award winning

A super-fine natural self-tanning mist for face and body, with a unique Tri-Phase technology. Mist directly onto skin without rubbing in for a streak-free, natural-looking tan that builds gradually and conditions as it develops.

Phase 1: Instant Tan. Surface DHA provides a healthy glow within 3 to 4 hours.

Phase 2: Melanin Boost. Our Melanin Complex with Monk's Pepper, Tyrosine and Arginine stimulates your skin's own melanin production for a natural, protective tan that develops from within.

Phase 3: Deep Tan. Naturally micro-encapsulated DHA penetrates deeper layers for a longer-lasting, more even result.

MSM, Pea Peptides and a blend of conditioning actives treat the skin throughout. Works on face and body. No patchy results, no streaks, no rub-in required.

Best for

All skin types and ages. Great for misting on face, shoulders and legs for a very natural tan.

Key benefits
Key actives
Awards & press
Perfume & Texture
How to use
Ingredients
INTENTIONAL NUTRIENTS
Arginine

An amino acid that helps improve skin hydration by enhancing the skin's natural moisture-retaining abilities. It can also support the skin's natural repair processes and improve overall skin health.

Monk's Pepper

Mimics B-endorphin activity resulting in the boosting of the skin’s own melanin production to bring out your own natural tan colour and boost skin’s own UV defence, ensuring the skin is sun-ready with a protective tan.

OSKIA Melanin Boost Complex

Is a unique blend of actives and nutrients that help support the skin's natural melanin production.

Pea Peptides

Derived from Pisum sativum, commonly known as the garden pea, these peptides are naturally occurring chains of amino acids, the building blocks of proteins. A powerhouse ingredient, offering a multitude of benefits including: boosting hair follicle growth, keratin, collagen and melanin production, soothing & anti-inflammatory properties and cellular hydration.

Retinol (Vitamin A)

A powerful active that helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, age spots and improve acne. Stimulates collagen production helping improve skin elasticity and firmness. It’s also effective at unclogging pores, reducing acne breakouts and improving overall skin texture. The king/queen of all skincare actives. There are a number of retinol and retinoid derivatives that we use.

 

Vitamin C

Vitamin C is an antioxidant & brightener with proven ability to stimulate collagen production, its greatest benefit, to firm and plump skin. There are many forms of Vitamin C each with very different properties, with only a few derivatives able to directly reduce melanin production. How does it boost collagen? The primary structure of collagen consists of three protein strands that wind together in a triple helix. The three amino acids in collagen are glycine, proline and hydroxyproline. Vitamin C is important in the structure of collagen because the amino acid hyroxyproline cannot be created without Vitamin C. Major Vitamin C deficiency results in scurvy where there is a lack of collagen in the body.

Vitamin E

With anti-oxidant and calming properties, Vitamin E is beneficial in helping prevent the signs of premature ageing through protecting the skin from environmental pollution, protecting against UV radiation and powerful anti-inflammatory action. There are a number of different forms of Vitamin E each with different benefits.

White Tea

An anti-oxidant rich type of tea made from the young leaves and buds of the Camellia sinensis plant, offers potential protection against oxidative stress and certain diseases.

Tyrosine

An amino acid that plays a crucial role in various bodily functions, including the production of melanin, neurotransmitters, and hormones. Boosts the skin’s own melanin production to boost skin’s own UV defence and ensure skin is sun-ready with a protective tan.

Full ingredients list
OSKIA's Top Tanning Tips:
Exfoliate skin 24 hours prior to tanning
Moisturise hands and any dry areas (knees, elbows, ankles) before applying the self-tan to avoid any darker patches.
Wait until skin feels completely dry before dressing to avoid staining clothes.
Blend tanning products into the body with a tanning mitt for best results and skip the hands, elbows, knees and ankles when applying your tan to arms and legs - it's best to go back to these areas with the remnants of any tan left on your mitt at the end.
Be sure to wash your hands after applying any self-tanning products and apply hand cream or moisturiser to hands afterwards to help blend the product in and hydrate.
Once your tan has developed and you've washed it off, continue to keep hydrated for the days following your tan application, as this will increase the longevity of your results!
Be aware, any activities that make you sweat cause the skin to dry out and will shorten the lifespan of your tan, therefore top up your tan regularly.
Frequently Bought Together
Adaptive Tan Mist
$90.00
Midnight Eye-Q
$135.00
25ml
10 ml
Midnight Elixir
$248.00
50ml
15ml
Total Price: $473.00
Add to bag
FAQs
Who is this product recommended for?
Is this product suitable for vegans?
Does this product contain parabens?
Is this product gluten-free?
Can this product be used during pregnancy?
Once I open this product how long can I use it for?
HELP
Shipping & Returns
FAQs
Book a Consultation
Contact Us
ABOUT OSKIA
Our Story
Our Awards
Stockists
Spa Locator
The OSKIA Edit
Professional Products
B Corp Certified
INFO
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Programme & Referral Scheme
Affiliate Programme
Subscription Service
Do not sell or share my personal information
Sign up to our newsletters and receive £10 off your first order
Email
Subscribe
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
Twitter
Pinterest
Vimeo
Payment methods
﻿
Bag
Login
Close Cart

Free shipping

$150+

Free Samples

with every order

Subscribe & Save 15%

Progress: 0%
You are $202.52 away from FREE SHIPPING!
Your cart is empty!

Add your favorite items to your cart.

Shop Now