https://www.oskiaskincare.com/products/micro-exfoliating-balm-50ml

Skip to content

Free UK delivery On All Orders £40+

Country/region
USD $ | United States
Language
English
SHOP
ROUTINE FINDER
LOYALTY
SKIN NUTRITION
THE OSKIA EDIT
ABOUT
Language
English
Log in
Cart
 Enjoy a complimentary travel-size Super-R with every order 
Image 2 is now available in gallery view
Skip to product information
Micro Exfoliating Balm

Gentle & Nourishing Exfoliator

4.6
|
139 Reviews
91 out of 100 (91%) reviewers recommend this product
Write a review
Regular price
$90.00
 | 50ml
Purchase Options
One-time purchase
$90.00
Subscribe
$76.50
Deliver every 1 month
Deliver every 2 months
Deliver every 3 months
Deliver every 4 months
Deliver every 5 months
Free delivery for loyalty members
Skip, delay or cancel anytime
Exclusive perks & offers
Subscription details
Decrease quantity for Micro Exfoliating Balm
Increase quantity for Micro Exfoliating Balm
Add to cart

Multi-award winning exfoliating balm formulated to buff away tired skin cells and impurities using the micro silica and MSM particles, but also nourish the lipid barrier to leave your skin soft, radiant and glowing. Enriched with a blend of youth-boosting essential cell nutrients, prebiotics and peptides for long lasting skin health. The rich balm becomes a soft, light milk in contact with water. It can also be adapted to become as strong or gentle as you desire, just by adding water.

Best for

All skin types and ages. Leaves skin seriously soft.

Key benefits
Key actives
Awards & press
Perfume & Texture
How to use
Ingredients
INTENTIONAL NUTRIENTS
Calcium

Known to support skin membrane strength and aid cellular functions as well as regulate the passage of nutrients in and out of skin cell walls. This nutrient regulates sebum production to maintain skin hydration.

Copper Peptides

A trace element recognised for its excellent wound healing capability, enhancing action of antioxidants and stimulating collagen production, contributing to skin firmness and elasticity. It also has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help soothe irritated or inflamed skin.

MSM

Our founding mineral, first used as an equine supplement to repair race horses joints by our business over 30 years ago. The most bio-available form of sulphur, it is used in over 140 components in the body, including collagen, keratin, amino acids and glutathione production, and is a wonderful anti-inflammatory. Proven reduction of fine lines, helps conditions from acne and eczema to leaky gut syndrome, damaged joints, arthritis, osteoporosis and psoriasis. Full name Merthylsulfonylmethane, found in onions, cabbage, garlic, asparagus.

Vitamin B3 (Niacinamide)

A fantastic vitamin that benefits all skin concerns, particularly barrier function. Improves skin hydration, elasticity and skin tone. Improves skin health by reducing inflammation, minimizing pore size and addressing issues like acne and hyperpigmentation. Reduces water loss by 24% in 4 weeks, boosts fatty acid and ceramides by 67% and 34% respectively; stimulates new fibroblasts by 20% and collagen secretion by 54%; inhibits pigmentation by 68%.

Omegas 3, 6 & 9

Essential Fatty Acids that boost lipid content and aid repair of the skin’s barrier function, protecting delicate skin and increasing hydration to increase softness and elasticity.

Pro-Vitamin B5 (Panthenol) is an excellent soothing, softening and conditioning vitamin, providing suppleness, strength and hydration to irritated skin and hair. Stimulates skin cellular proliferation and help tissue repair, as well acting as a powerful humectant, holding water within the product or attracting water from the environment.

Phytosterols

Plant-derived compounds with moisturizing, anti-inflammatory, barrier-enhancing, antioxidant, collagen-stimulating and wound-healing properties. Used to effectively repair the lipid barrier and protect the NMF whilst stimulating collagen production contributing to skin firmness and elasticity.

Prebiotic Alpha-Glucan Oligosaccharide

OSKIA use a powerful, patented, prebiotic complex, a combination of Inulin (from Chicory Root) and Alpha-Glucan Oligosaccharide (from natural sugars), proven to help maintain and support the skin's natural microflora by stimulating our beneficial microflora to the disadvantage to the hostile organism (targeted feeding) and maintaining the skin conditions necessary for the growth of useful organisms.

Retinol (Vitamin A)

A powerful active that helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, age spots and improve acne. Stimulates collagen production helping improve skin elasticity and firmness. It’s also effective at unclogging pores, reducing acne breakouts and improving overall skin texture. The king/queen of all skincare actives. There are a number of retinol and retinoid derivatives that we use.

 

Vitamin C

Vitamin C is an antioxidant & brightener with proven ability to stimulate collagen production, its greatest benefit, to firm and plump skin. There are many forms of Vitamin C each with very different properties, with only a few derivatives able to directly reduce melanin production. How does it boost collagen? The primary structure of collagen consists of three protein strands that wind together in a triple helix. The three amino acids in collagen are glycine, proline and hydroxyproline. Vitamin C is important in the structure of collagen because the amino acid hyroxyproline cannot be created without Vitamin C. Major Vitamin C deficiency results in scurvy where there is a lack of collagen in the body.

Vitamin E

With anti-oxidant and calming properties, Vitamin E is beneficial in helping prevent the signs of premature ageing through protecting the skin from environmental pollution, protecting against UV radiation and powerful anti-inflammatory action. There are a number of different forms of Vitamin E each with different benefits.

Vitamin F

A combination of 2 essential fatty acids, linoleic acid (omega-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (omega-3), crucial for maintaining healthy skin, hair, and nails. Excellent moisturizing, hydrating, anti-inflammatory and anti-ageing properties.

Vitamin K

Known for its wound healing and anti-inflammatory properties, used topically to help reduce bruising and improve the appearance of post-surgery or post-injury skin. Evens skin tone and reduces discolouration and dark circles by strengthening damaged and broken capillaries.

Zinc-Glycine Complex

A super skin mineral that supports production of collagen and elastin, helps reduce oil secretion and oxidative stress. A critical factor in the healing process and DNA synthesis. Absorption of Zinc is increased by grafting it onto Glycine, the smallest amino-acid, to aid penetration. For acne prone skin, its magic lies in anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties, and its ability to regulates the production of oil, excess sebum and male hormones, as well as regulate the production of keratinocytes, again helping to keep pores clear.


Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride

An ester derived from coconut oil and glycerin, used as an emollient in creams, oils and lotions that promotes penetration. Known for it's moisturizing properties as well as ability to improve texture and spreadability of products. Typically well-tolerated by most skin types, including sensitive and oily skin. It is non-comedogenic, meaning it is unlikely to clog pores or cause breakouts.

Manganese

A trace mineral with collagen synthesising and hydrating properties. Supports
collagen production, contributes to wound healing, and aids in the skin's natural antioxidant defence. Plays a role in maintaining skinelasticity and firmness by assisting in the formation of collagen fibres.

Potassium

Used to help regulate hydration levels, support cellular function, soothe the skin and promote a balanced pH. Helps calm irritation and contributes to overall skin health.

Selenium

Selenium is a trace mineral that helps protect skin cells from oxidative stress by supporting antioxidant enzymes like glutathione peroxidase. Also a strong anti-inflammatory, it helps calms skin and improve conditions linked to oxidative damage. Selenium also contributes to immune system function, which plays a role in how the skin defends against environmental aggressors. Adequate selenium levels may help support skin repair and overall skin resilience. However, both deficiency and excessive intake can negatively affect skin and overall health, so a balanced internal intake is important.



Silica

Silica supports skin by helping form collagen and elastin, which maintain firmness, elasticity and hydration. Also aids skin repair and strengthens the dermal structure. In the body, silica supports connective tissues including hair, nails, joints and blood vessels. It also helps the body utilise key minerals like calcium and magnesium, supporting overall tissue and skin health. It is also used as a very mild micro-exfoliant if used as a topical.

Tryptophan

An essential amino acid not commonly used topically in skincare products, but has wonderful hydration and anti-oxidant properties. Its influence on mood, sleep, and overall health can indirectly impact the skin positively. A healthy, stress-free lifestyle that supports tryptophan intake through diet can contribute to better skin health.

Vitamin B6

Wide-ranging physiological functions but topically, contains excellent anti-inflammatory properties to calm reactive skin.

Full ingredients list
"Hello Spanking Skin” TATLER 
"The product you need to buy. The perfect radiant skin hero. It’s extremely gentle yet still does its job perfectly and leaves skin feeling perfectly smooth and looking glowing” GRAZIA 
Frequently Bought Together
Micro Exfoliating Balm
$90.00
Autumn Trio
$61.00
Midnight Eye-Q
$135.00
25ml
10 ml
Total Price: $286.00
Add to bag
FAQs
Who is this product recommended for?
Are there any tips to bear in mind when using this product?
Is this product suitable for vegans?
Does this product contain silicones or parabens?
Is this product gluten-free?
Can this product be used during pregnancy?
Once I open this product how long can I use it for?
HELP
Shipping & Returns
FAQs
Book a Consultation
Contact Us
ABOUT OSKIA
Our Story
Our Awards
Stockists
Spa Locator
The OSKIA Edit
Professional Products
B Corp Certified
INFO
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Programme & Referral Scheme
Affiliate Programme
Subscription Service
Do not sell or share my personal information
Sign up to our newsletters and receive £10 off your first order
Email
Subscribe
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
Twitter
Pinterest
Vimeo
Payment methods
﻿
Bag
Login
Close Cart

Free shipping

$150+

Free Samples

with every order

Subscribe & Save 15%

Progress: 0%
You are $202.52 away from FREE SHIPPING!
Your cart is empty!

Add your favorite items to your cart.

Shop Now