https://bigshoulderscoffee.com/pages/big-shoulders-story

Skip to content
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
TikTok

New Monthly Drop Available Now

Shop
Subscriptions
About Us
Locations
Contact
Log in
Cart
The Big Shoulders Coffee Origin Story

HOW IT STARTED

The Backstory

At Big Shoulders Coffee, we stand for Fresh roasted, no-nonsense artisan coffee. Our coffee origin story is born out of a love for learning about people, food, and culture. Founder Tim Coonan began as a chef working at some of the most prestigious restaurants in New York, France, Italy, and Chicago. His love affair with coffee goes back to the 1980’s when he went on origin trips and studied roasting techniques. What began as a hobby roasting beans in his garage evolved into Chicago’s premier roasting facility and Big Shoulders Coffee cafes.

Reason to Believe in Big Shoulders Coffee

You can taste a chef’s attention to detail in every cup of Big Shoulders coffee. Beans are sourced from farmers we have grown relationships with and roasted specifically to preserve the integrity and essence of the coffee. We brew the coffee with down-to-the-second precision. You will taste the difference.

More Than Coffee

Life is a thrilling, hectic, and sometimes exhausting adventure. That’s why Big Shoulders Coffee is designed as an ideal “third place.” Somewhere separate from home and work, where you can go for comfort and a chance to relax.

Our locations are sanctuaries where you can enjoy the smells and tastes of our freshly roasted coffee in a welcoming environment.

A Culture That Mirrors Chicago

Hospitality is equally important at Big Shoulders Coffee. We truly value service, kindness and manners. Just like our fellow Chicagoans, we work hard without pretense. Our only goal is to bring you the best coffee possible in a welcoming atmosphere.

MEET THE FOUNDERS

CO-FOUNDER & OWNER

Patricia Coonan

Patricia Coonan shares a heritage of over 30+ years in hospitality and the restaurant business with her fellow co-founder, Tim Coonan. Patricia met Tim at the legendary Chicago restaurant Spiaggia and together they forged a partnership in life and in business. 

Prior to Big Shoulders Coffee, Patricia spent 12 years working as the CFO of LFP Restaurant Management, an affliliate of Levy Family Partners (LFP).   LFP is an investment enterprise focusing on early stage, often food or restaurant, investments.  (LFP was formed after the sale of Levy Restaurants, an international enterprise of restaurants and concessions at sports venues.)   

Patricia’s unique background in both restaurant operations and business allowed her to thrive in this organization.  During her tenure, LFP invested in Blaze Pizza, a fast casual pizza franchise.  Her role included guiding the financial health of a 25+ multi-state franchise restaurant organization.  She oversaw financial responsibilities to investors, franchisors and multi-state compliance entities.  

CO-FOUNDER

Tim Coonan

Tim Coonan has spent over 35 years in hospitality, training and working at some of the finest restaurants around the world. At heart, he remains a Midwesterner.

Raised on a farm in Indiana, Tim developed a love for food and flavor at the family table, inspired by PBS chefs like Julia Child and Graham Kerr.

He got his start under Stephen Quigley at White River Coffee in Indianapolis, where he first learned to appreciate coffee. At 22, he shifted to pursue cooking full time, training in France and Italy. He apprenticed at Michelin two-star restaurants in Avignon including Chez Messonier L’Ermitage and Le St. Didier, as well as Le Petit Bedon.

Back in the US, Tim earned an AOS degree from Johnson & Wales University and landed an internship at the Rainbow Room in New York, where he later continued his career. He eventually returned to the Midwest and became a standout in Chicago’s culinary scene, starting as Sous Chef at Gordon and later becoming Chef de Cuisine at Spiaggia, one of the country’s top Italian restaurants.

In 2000, he joined P.F. Chang’s as a partner and regional chef, deepening his knowledge of Asian cuisines. After he and his wife Patricia welcomed their daughter, Tim began teaching at Washburne Culinary Institute.

WE'RE OFTEN ASKED, "WHAT YOUR FAVORITE COFFEE"?

It's The One We Share With Others

Big Shoulders Coffee is a leading coffee roaster in Chicago, IL, known for delivering fresh-roasted, no-nonsense artisan coffee rooted in craftsmanship and culinary expertise. With deep ties to Chicago’s hard working culture, Big Shoulders Coffee has built its reputation through meticulous sourcing, precision roasting, and an unwavering commitment to quality in every cup. Whether you’re visiting a welcoming coffee shop in Chicago or enjoying beans delivered to your door through their convenient subscription service, every experience reflects decades of expertise and a passion for exceptional coffee. For those seeking authentic, expertly roasted coffee, Big Shoulders Coffee in Chicago sets the standard.

Crafted In Chicago, Savored Everywhere

Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
TikTok
Company Info

Phone
312-846-1439

Email
information@bigshoulderscoffee.com

Main Office
2415 W. 19th St Chicago, IL 60608

Quick Links
Manage Subscription
Wholesale Coffee
Coffees
Reviews
Search
Jobs
Blog
Help
FAQ
Contact
Account
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Payment methods
© 2026, Big Shoulders Coffee Powered by Shopify
Refund policy
Privacy policy
Terms of service