https://www.evanhealy.com/pages/about

SKIP TO CONTENT
Questions?
Rewards
Free Skin Consultation

Shop HydroSoul refills ›

USD
CAD
INR
GBP
AUD
EUR
JPY
Best Sellers
Shop All
Face
Body
Starters & Sets
Find Your Match
Book A Facial
Explore
Log in
Cart
About evanhealy
The world’s first Regenerative Organic® beauty brand

After more than 25 years working alongside regenerative farmers, women’s cooperatives, and plant stewards around the world, evanhealy has been awarded the designation of The World’s First Regenerative Organic Certified® (ROC™) Beauty Brand, by the Regenerative Organic Alliance (ROA).

For us, this recognition is not a sudden shift. It is the natural evolution of a philosophy that has guided the brand since the beginning.

Natural beauty pioneers

Long before “clean beauty” became an industry trend we were helping shape a different conversation around skincare.

We were the the first to:

Educate about the skin’s protective barrier.
Combine plant hydrosols with botanical oil serums to support the hydrolipid barrier.
Distill aromatic plants for the hydrosol alone, using hand-hammered copper stills.
Transparently share long-term sourcing partnerships with stewards around the world.
We value therapy and simplicity

We believe that less is more, and act with the knowledge that the less you interfere with the skin’s ability to achieve balance the better.

Inspired by ancient beauty practices, nature and its cycles, ayurveda, homeopathy and traditional western herbalism, our approach is a fusion of modalities centered around the goal of realigning skin with its highest potential and awakening its innate resilient, adaptable nature.

We view organic as the starting point.

We are Certified Organic by Oregon Tilth, ensuring the purity and integrity of our ingredients. In addition, many of our ingredients are evolving—surpassing organic certification to become Regenerative Organic Certified (ROC) or Certified Regenified.

What our certifications mean

Regenerative Organic Certified®
Farms & products meet the highest standards for soil health, animal welfare & worker fairness.

USDA Organic
Guarantees products contain no synthetic pesticides, fertilizers, or GMOs.

Ancient wisdom for radiant skin

We recognize that healing is not just about what we apply to our skin, but about how we reconnect with the wisdom of the Earth. Just as the Earth regenerates through cycles of renewal, so too does our skin, when given the space to breathe, release, and replenish.

We do not force the skin; we listen to it. We work in partnership with plants, clays, and oil — gifts from the natural world that support the skin’s innate intelligence.

We planted a seed and watched it grow

Since 1999 we have been guided by a holistic approach to skincare.

We are planting the seeds for a community of holistic land stewards, artisans, estheticians, healers, educators, creatives and like-minded brands who are rooted in ancient tradition. Together we play a critical and inspirational role in fostering a thriving regenerative future.

READ OUR ORIGIN STORY
Travel with us around the world to meet our stewards

Their work embodies the spirit of reciprocity, fosters healthy soil, biodiversity & economically vibrant communities.

OUR STEWARDS
Truth Seekers Newsletter

Stay informed of all our latest stories, skin care tips & seasonal promotions.

SUBSCRIBE
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
SHOP
Shop All
Face
Body
Find Your Ritual
Limited Edition
Starter Sets
Eyes, Lips, Sun, Foundation
Ritual
Gift Cards
ABOUT US
About evanhealy
Skin Philosophy
Spas & Estheticians
COMMUNITY
Events
Join Our Newsletter
Free Skin Consultation
Book A Facial
Become an Affiliate
Press
Inspired
SKIN GUIDE
Dry Skin
Oily & Combination Skin
Sensitive Skin
Mature Skin
Blemished Skin
Skin Quiz
Oil & Water Ritual
EDUCATION
Stewards
Blogs
Videos
Booklets
Oil & Water Ritual
Skin
Overview
QUESTIONS?
Help Center
Rewards
Shipping Policy
Returns & Refunds
Store Locator
Contact Us
My Account
Careers
Accessibility Statement
orderdesk@evanhealy.com
Toll-Free (CAN/US): 1-888-335-0190
© Copyright Plant Devas Inc
Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
Shopping Cart
Close Cart
Progress: 0%
You are $75.00 away from FREE SHIPPING!
Gift with purchase is based on cart subtotal of $110, $160, and $225. If your free gift doesn’t automatically appear, try clearing your browser’s cache and cookies, or open our website in a private/incognito window and try again.
Your cart is empty.

Add your favorite items to your cart.

SHOP NOW

Recommended for you
Pairings for items in your cart.
Sheer Mineral Sunscreen
PRICE
$29.99
2 fl oz/60 ml
ADD TO CART
Reishi Green Tea Eye Cream
PRICE
$32.50
0.5 fl oz/15 ml
ADD TO CART
Blue Lavender Cleansing Milk
PRICE
$38.99
4 fl oz/120 ml
1 fl oz/30 ml
ADD TO CART
Whipped Shea Butter for Lips
PRICE
$6.99
0.15 oz/4 g
0.15 oz Trio
ADD TO CART