https://pureinventions.com/pages/about-us

Skip to content
Fall in Love with Fall - Buy 2 or More Bottles, Get 20% Off
Use Code: FALL Shop Offer
Submit
Sign In  My Cart
Shop By Flavor
 
Shop By Benefits
 
Collections
 
Subscribe & Save
 
Wholesale Interest
Free Shipping Over $50
We Believe In Nature

We also believe in easy and delicious. With Pure Inventions natural water flavoring and wellness formulas, staying hydrated, finding balance, and feeling your best are always just a few drops away.

About the Founders

Pure Inventions is the shared and enduring passion of lifelong friends, Lynne Gerhards and Lori Mulligan. As Clinical Certified Nutritionists, they’ve always championed healthy hydration as well as the health and wellness benefits of making natural choices. But they noticed that for a lot of their busy clients this was easier said than done.

In 2003, they set out to change that by launching Pure Inventions, a revolutionary line of water infusion drops enhanced with extracts from nature’s most powerful wellness and beauty ingredients.

Ask our founders and they’ll tell you, “our primary goal has always been to make it easy, fun and affordable for people to make choices that are closer to nature. Everyone can find the time to add a few drops of Pure Inventions to their day, no matter how hectic things get.”

Great taste. Great convenience. Great benefits. Our company was founded to help people enjoy the mind and body support that only nature can provide.

Why people love us

Woman-owned and operated business.

Founded in 2003 by Clinical Nutritionists dedicated to sharing the wellness benefits of nature.

Proudly served in luxury spas, destination resorts, and wellness centers around the world.

© 2026 PURE INVENTIONS. All Rights Reserved.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Instagram

Facebook

YouTube

Customer Care
Manage Subscription
Manage Rewards
Return Policies
Contact Us
FAQs
Pure Experience
About Us
Recipes
Testimonials
Contact Us

732-842-5777

64B Grant Place
Little Silver, NJ 07739

info@pureinventions.com

Wholesale Interest
Wholesale Application
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
My Cart

Your cart is empty.

Enjoy 15% off your first order!

 As a valued member of our hydration community, you'll be the first to know about new product releases, exclusive promotions, and insider tips to stay hydrated and refreshed.

Phone number
+1
Receive offers via text message
By checking this box, I consent to receive marketing text messages through an automatic telephone dialing system at the number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Check our privacy policy
SIGN UP