https://pureinventions.com/pages/frequently-asked-questions

Skip to content
Fall in Love with Fall - Buy 2 or More Bottles, Get 20% Off
Use Code: FALL Shop Offer
Submit
Sign In  My Cart
Shop By Flavor
 
Shop By Benefits
 
Collections
 
Subscribe & Save
 
Wholesale Interest
Free Shipping Over $50
Frequently Asked Questions

Get Answers to our most frequently asked questions!

Home > Frequently Asked Questions
Why is hydration so important?

Drinking enough water each day is crucial for many reasons: to regulate body temperature, keep joints lubricated, prevent infections, deliver nutrients to cells and keep organs functioning properly.

Being well-hydrated also improves sleep quality, cognition, and mood. Experts recommend drinking roughly 11 cups of water per day for the average woman and 16 for men.

How long have these products been on the market and where can I find them?
Where are these products manufactured?
What is the benefit of liquid supplements vs. pills?
How many calories and carbohydrates are in Pure Inventions products?
Do the products require refrigeration or any special handling?
I am taking medication – can I use these products?
Are these products safe for children and the elderly?
What is your return policy?
How is the product line manufactured?
What are antioxidants and why do we need them?
If there is no sugar or artificial sweeteners, what makes these products taste sweet?
What if you have an aftertaste from stevia?
Do the products contain any caffeine?
How many beverages can I make with each bottle?
Do I have to use the dosage that is prescribed when making my beverages?
Can I use more than one product at one time to make my beverages?
What are the benefits of your drops vs the cheap ones sold in small squeeze bottles in the supermarkets?
How do I compare the cost of your drops vs the ready to drink products such as Bai, Vita Coco etc?

© 2026 PURE INVENTIONS. All Rights Reserved.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Instagram

Facebook

YouTube

Customer Care
Manage Subscription
Manage Rewards
Return Policies
Contact Us
FAQs
Pure Experience
About Us
Recipes
Testimonials
Contact Us

732-842-5777

64B Grant Place
Little Silver, NJ 07739

info@pureinventions.com

Wholesale Interest
Wholesale Application
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
My Cart

Your cart is empty.

Enjoy 15% off your first order!

 As a valued member of our hydration community, you'll be the first to know about new product releases, exclusive promotions, and insider tips to stay hydrated and refreshed.

Phone number
+1
Receive offers via text message
By checking this box, I consent to receive marketing text messages through an automatic telephone dialing system at the number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Check our privacy policy
SIGN UP