https://pureinventions.com/pages/pure-benefits

Skip to content
Fall in Love with Fall - Buy 2 or More Bottles, Get 20% Off
Use Code: FALL Shop Offer
Submit
Sign In  My Cart
Shop By Flavor
 
Shop By Benefits
 
Collections
 
Subscribe & Save
 
Wholesale Interest
Free Shipping Over $50
Hydrate And Be Happy

Love your body and mind with our great-tasting formulas.

A few drops a day and you’re on your way

Pure Inventions water infusion drops are formulated by certified clinical nutritionists to improve hydration and support overall health and wellness. Water that tastes great and does you even better. Get started today.

All-Day Hydration

You’ve never experienced electrolyte water like this before. Our all-natural formulas come fresh from nature’s hydration secret - the coconut. What else goes into them? Lots of naturally occurring goodness, like Lo Han fruit to add just enough sweetness for a delicious zero-calorie and no sugar taste.

Naturally occurring electrolyte water that tastes so good you’ll want to drink more water to stay hydrated all day long. No artificial anything, gluten-free, and totally vegan friendly.

Shop Now

Immune System Support

Our superfood and super fruit formulas feature green tea, elderberry and other natural wonders to deliver the antioxidants and electrolytes your body craves with a refreshing taste you’re going to love. Increase immunity support to feel your best every day with a concentrated dose of the good stuff.

Add a few drops to hot, cold or sparkling water, even your favorite smoothie to increase immunity support and get started on a delicious daily routine.

Shop Now

Pure Beauty

We all know that true beauty comes from within. Our targeted formulas support healthy, glowing skin with Mother Nature’s own anti-aging secrets, including Vitamin C and hyaluronic acid, recommended by many dermatologists to improve skin texture and appearance.

Look and feel your best with hydration and anti-aging support that’s as easy as a few delicious drops a day.

Shop Now

Tranquility & Sleep

Life can get pretty hectic and sometimes we need a little help winding down, calming down, and even getting to sleep. Go natural with our tranquility formula created to support inner peace and balance, and nighttime drops to help you get those much-needed zzzzz’s.

We’ve infused the calming elements of nature into easy-to-use drops you can add to water or your favorite herbal tea. Relax. It’s that easy.

Shop Now

© 2026 PURE INVENTIONS. All Rights Reserved.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Instagram

Facebook

YouTube

Customer Care
Manage Subscription
Manage Rewards
Return Policies
Contact Us
FAQs
Pure Experience
About Us
Recipes
Testimonials
Contact Us

732-842-5777

64B Grant Place
Little Silver, NJ 07739

info@pureinventions.com

Wholesale Interest
Wholesale Application
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
My Cart

Your cart is empty.

Enjoy 15% off your first order!

 As a valued member of our hydration community, you'll be the first to know about new product releases, exclusive promotions, and insider tips to stay hydrated and refreshed.

Phone number
+1
Receive offers via text message
By checking this box, I consent to receive marketing text messages through an automatic telephone dialing system at the number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Check our privacy policy
SIGN UP