https://pureinventions.com/products/vitamin-c-electrolytes-black-cherry-family-size-500-servings

Skip to content
Fall in Love with Fall - Buy 2 or More Bottles, Get 20% Off
Use Code: FALL Shop Offer
Submit
Sign In  My Cart
Shop By Flavor
 
Shop By Benefits
 
Collections
 
Subscribe & Save
 
Wholesale Interest
Free Shipping Over $50
Home Vitamin C + Electrolytes Black Cherry Family Size - 500 servings

Vitamin C

Vitamin C + Electrolytes Black Cherry Family Size - 500 servings
Regular price
$135.00
Shipping calculated at checkout.
One-time purchase
$135.00
Subscribe & Save
15%
$114.75
Quantity
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Add to cart 
More payment options

Adding product to your cart

DescriptionReviews
Please note: Vitamin C naturally tends to off-gas in the glass bottle, which may cause some bubbling or a gentle hissing sound when you open it. This is completely normal and safe.
Description

"Support a healthy immune system with our powerful, antioxidant-rich blend of ingredients including Vitamin C and Zinc along with added benefits from electrolytes” 

16 oz glass bottle with pump dispenser
Makes 120 quart size pitchers
Makes up to 500 beverages or more
Equivalent to 16 retail size bottles
No returns on family size

Enjoy great immunity support with a refreshing antioxidant-rich black cherry flavored beverage! Developed by nutritionists and perfected since 2003. Served in luxury spas and wellness centers, Pure Inventions Antioxidant Vitamin C with Electrolytes Water Infusion Drops are the delicious way to drink more water while benefiting from immunity supporting vitamin c and zinc.

Ingredients

ACTIVE INGREDIENTS: 
Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) 50 mg
Calcium 5 mg
Magnesium 1.35mg
Zinc (zinc citrate) 1.5 mg
Other ingredients: vegetable glycerin, natural black cherry flavor, water (reverse osmosis), potassium (as potassium, citrate), sodium (as sodium chloride), stevia leaf (90% stevioside), citric acid

This product has been sealed for your protection. Do not use if seal is broken or missing. Keep out of the reach of children. Those who are nursing, pregnant or taking medication, please consult your health care professional.

These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.

Made in the USA

Directions

Drop it in and mix it how you like it! The choice is yours. Enjoy in still or sparkling water, with a hint of flavor or bolder flavor. Try adding a lime slice. Be your mixologist as YOU are in control!

Mixing instructions:
2 pumps per quart of water.

Reviews
  
Write a Review
Ask a Question
Reviews Questions
Be the first to review this item
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Pure Inventions Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Family Size?

It is a concentrated water infusion drop with vitamin C, zinc, and electrolytes, designed to support immunity and hydration. Each bottle makes up to 500 servings.

How do I use the Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

Simply add 2 pumps per quart of water. You can adjust the amount for a lighter or bolder flavor, and enjoy it in still or sparkling water.

What ingredients are in the Lemon-Lime Family Size Drops?

Active ingredients include vitamin C, calcium, magnesium, zinc, with other ingredients like vegetable glycerin, purified water, natural lemon-lime flavor, stevia leaf, and citric acid.

Is Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops sugar-free?

Yes, it is sweetened with stevia leaf extract and contains no sugar.

How many servings are in one bottle of Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

Each 16 oz glass bottle provides up to 500 servings or makes 120 quart-size pitchers.

Who developed Pure Inventions Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

The drops were developed by nutritionists and have been perfected since 2003.

Is Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops safe for pregnant or nursing women?

As with any dietary supplement,If you are pregnant, nursing, or taking medication, consult your healthcare professional before use.

Can I return the Family Size bottle of Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

No, there are no returns on the Family Size bottle.

Is it normal to hear a hissing sound when opening the bottle of Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

Yes, vitamin C may off-gas in the glass bottle, causing bubbling or a gentle hiss when opened. This is normal and safe.

Where is Pure Inventions Vitamin C + Electrolytes made?

This product is made in the USA.

Is Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops approved by the FDA?

Yes, the packaging is designed to be eco-friendly and committed to sustainability. We package our concentrates in glass bottles and one small bottle of our drops can replace up to 30 plastic bottles. We also use minimal recyclable packaging to lower our carbon footprint.

How should I store the Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

Keep the bottle sealed and out of reach of children. Do not use if the seal is broken or missing.

What makes Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops different from other electrolyte drinks?

It offers a concentrated, sugar-free, antioxidant-rich formula with natural flavors, developed by nutritionists and served in luxury spas.

Can I use Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops in sparkling water?

Yes, you can enjoy the drops in both still and sparkling water.

How does the pump dispenser work for the Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

The 16 oz bottle comes with a pump dispenser for easy, mess-free measuring and mixing for larger vessels.

What is the flavor profile of Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

The drops have a refreshing lemon-lime flavor, naturally sweetened and enhanced with real fruit extracts.

Are there any allergens in Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops?

The ingredients are clear and transparent and listed on the labels.

Is Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops suitable for children?

Pure Inventions ingredients are clearly listed on the label. As with all dietary supplements, Parents should review the ingredient list, and consult a physician to decide if the product is right for their child.

Can I use Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Drops for making mocktails?

Yes, you can add the drops to water or use them as a flavorful base for healthy mocktails.

Other Popular Products

Vitamin C

Electrolytes + Vitamin C Watermelon Family Size
Regular price
$135.00
4

Learn More

Antioxidant Super Fruits

Cranberry + Elderberry Family Size - 500 servings
Regular price
$135.00
24

Learn More

Peach Family Size - 500 servings
Regular price
$135.00
6

Learn More

Vitamin C + Electrolytes Lemon-Lime Family Size - 500 servings
Regular price
$135.00
3

Learn More

Our Collections
Hydration

You’ve never experienced electrolyte water like this before.

Learn More

Immunity Support

Increase immunity support to feel your best every day with a concentrated dose of the good stuff.

Learn More

Beauty & Skin

Beauty & Skin Water Drops for Glowing Skin & Hair Wellness

Learn More

Calm & Sleep

We’ve infused the calming elements of nature into easy-to-use drops you can add to water or your favorite herbal tea.

Learn More

© 2026 PURE INVENTIONS. All Rights Reserved.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Instagram

Facebook

YouTube

Customer Care
Manage Subscription
Manage Rewards
Return Policies
Contact Us
FAQs
Pure Experience
About Us
Recipes
Testimonials
Contact Us

732-842-5777

64B Grant Place
Little Silver, NJ 07739

info@pureinventions.com

Wholesale Interest
Wholesale Application
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
My Cart

Your cart is empty.

Enjoy 15% off your first order!

 As a valued member of our hydration community, you'll be the first to know about new product releases, exclusive promotions, and insider tips to stay hydrated and refreshed.

Phone number
+1
Receive offers via text message
By checking this box, I consent to receive marketing text messages through an automatic telephone dialing system at the number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Check our privacy policy
SIGN UP