https://pureinventions.com/products/deluxe-travel-size-electrolyte-bundle-trio-lemon-lime-watermelon-coconut-water-12-servings-each-travel-bag-copy

Skip to content
Fall in Love with Fall - Buy 2 or More Bottles, Get 20% Off
Use Code: FALL Shop Offer
Submit
Sign In  My Cart
Shop By Flavor
 
Shop By Benefits
 
Collections
 
Subscribe & Save
 
Wholesale Interest
Free Shipping Over $50
Home Deluxe Travel Size Electrolyte Bundle Trio - Black Cherry, Lemon Lime, Watermelon - 12 Servings Each
Deluxe Travel Size Electrolyte Bundle Trio - Black Cherry, Lemon Lime, Watermelon - 12 Servings Each
Regular price
$29.99
Shipping calculated at checkout.
Quantity
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Add to cart 
More payment options

Adding product to your cart

Bullet PointsProduct DescriptionDirectionsReviews

Pure Inventions - Deluxe Travel Size Electrolyte Support Bundle Trio - Black Cherry, Lemon Lime, Watermelon - 12 Servings Each - Wellness Drops for Immunity, Wellness, & Hydration - Includes Travel Bag

Bullet Points

SMALL BUT MIGHTY BENEFITS - These mini wellness drops are each packed with unique benefits ranging from electrolytes, antioxidants, vitamin C, and zinc that help support a healthy immune system. 

FRESH FLAVORS - Try a variety of flavors and find your favorite! Hydrating Coconut, Watermelon, and Lemon Lime flavors combined with a hint of sweetness from Stevia Leaf and Lo Han fruit  make drinking water more enjoyable.

ON THE GO - Our deluxe travel set includes a 5 x 8 black pouch with a convenient bag clip - that not only holds your delicious drops, but can also fit a cell phone, sunglasses, and car keys.

LIFESTYLE-FRIENDLY - These hydration drops are free of sugar, calories, artificial sweeteners, caffeine, and gluten. It is the perfect addition to any Keto, Vegan, Paleo, and Low Glycemic diet.

HASSLE FREE WELLNESS - These bottles are the perfect size for travel and bringing healthy flavor on the go! To use, simply shake well and mix 1-2 full droppers (1 mL) in 12-16 ounces of hot, cold, or sparkling water. Pack them all in the travel bag for electrolyte support wherever you go.

Product Description

These deluxe travel size wellness drops are packed with electrolytes, antioxidants, vitamin C, and zinc that help support a healthy immune system. Try a variety of flavors and find your favorite! Crisp Lemon Lime, Watermelon, and Black Cherry flavors make drinking water more enjoyable. Stevia Leaf and Lo Han fruit provide an extra element of sweetness. These hydration drops are free of sugar, calories, artificial sweeteners, caffeine, and gluten. It is the perfect addition to any Keto, Vegan, Paleo, and Low Glycemic diet. 

Directions

These bottles are the perfect size for travel and bringing healthy flavor on the go! To use, simply shake well and mix 1-2 full droppers (1 mL) in 12-16 ounces of hot, cold, or sparkling water. Pack them all in the travel bag for electrolyte support wherever you go.





Reviews
  
Write a Review
Ask a Question
Reviews Questions
Be the first to review this item
Other Popular Products

Wellness Bundle

Deluxe Travel Size Electrolyte Bundle Trio - Lemon Lime, Watermelon, Coconut Water - 12 Servings Each
Regular price
SAVE $38.97
Sale price
$29.99

Learn More

Vitamin C

Electrolytes + Vitamin C Black Cherry Deluxe Travel Size - 12 servings
Regular price
$12.99
11

Learn More

Vitamin C

Electrolytes + Vitamin C Watermelon Deluxe Travel Size - 12 servings
Regular price
$12.99
38

Learn More

Vitamin C

Electrolytes + Vitamin C Lemon-Lime Deluxe Travel Size - 12 servings
Regular price
$12.99
15

Learn More

Our Collections
Hydration

You’ve never experienced electrolyte water like this before.

Learn More

Immunity Support

Increase immunity support to feel your best every day with a concentrated dose of the good stuff.

Learn More

Beauty & Skin

Beauty & Skin Water Drops for Glowing Skin & Hair Wellness

Learn More

Calm & Sleep

We’ve infused the calming elements of nature into easy-to-use drops you can add to water or your favorite herbal tea.

Learn More

© 2026 PURE INVENTIONS. All Rights Reserved.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Instagram

Facebook

YouTube

Customer Care
Manage Subscription
Manage Rewards
Return Policies
Contact Us
FAQs
Pure Experience
About Us
Recipes
Testimonials
Contact Us

732-842-5777

64B Grant Place
Little Silver, NJ 07739

info@pureinventions.com

Wholesale Interest
Wholesale Application
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
My Cart

Your cart is empty.

Enjoy 15% off your first order!

 As a valued member of our hydration community, you'll be the first to know about new product releases, exclusive promotions, and insider tips to stay hydrated and refreshed.

Phone number
+1
Receive offers via text message
By checking this box, I consent to receive marketing text messages through an automatic telephone dialing system at the number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Check our privacy policy
SIGN UP