https://pureinventions.com/pages/testimonials

Skip to content
Fall in Love with Fall - Buy 2 or More Bottles, Get 20% Off
Use Code: FALL Shop Offer
Submit
Sign In  My Cart
Shop By Flavor
 
Shop By Benefits
 
Collections
 
Subscribe & Save
 
Wholesale Interest
Free Shipping Over $50
Testimonials and Reviews

See what our customers have to say about our products.

Melissa Meyers is the founder of the women’s lifestyle blog The Glow Girl. Sharing her beauty, style, and wellness secrets, Melissa empowers women to be the best version of themselves, age gracefully, and maintain a youthful glow from the inside out. She personally tests an array of products and services using a highly selective curation process, helping women to make the most informed consumer decisions. The Glow Girl, Melissa has spent over 15 years sharing valuable tips, tricks, and product picks from the best skin care, wellness and beauty products Melissa has appeared as a lifestyle expert and contributor for NBC’s Today and Weekend Today in New York, New York Live, Better.TV, Fox’s Good Day New York and others. She has been featured in People, People StyleWatch, Hamptons Magazine, and many other online publications.

“I was at the Ritz Carlton spa in Aspen several years ago where they had a variety of these naturally flavored extracts to add to your water that support your immune system and over all well-being. Since I am always looking for ways to consume more water, this was a perfect match because they tasted great and provided other health benefits. There are so many varieties to choose from including green tea extracts, fruit extracts and more but my new favorite are the coconut water chocolate infusion drops. The taste is subtle but it’s just enough to make drinking water delicious plus these drops are free of sugar, calories, gluten, caffeine, artificial colors and sweeteners!”

- Melissa Meyers

Coconut Water Go to product 
Sustainable AND Tastes delicious! 
Madison S.
Bring the spa home, save the environment
Madison S.
Love this stuff!
Holly W.
Tastes Delicious!
Coconut Water Chocolate Go to product 
Love the chocolate coconut water
Jennifer S.
Decadent way to hydrate!
Karen K.
A little treat for the late night cravings
James M.
Chocolate Coconut such a treat!
Robin L.
Vitamin C + Electrolytes - Watermelon Go to product 
Fantastic!!
JH P.
Awesome Tasting Drops
Mike G.
So refreshing!
Andrea S.
This is a must try!
Yvonne
Peach Green Tea Go to product 
Love hydrating!
Koren/Betsy P.
Terrific tea!
Sophie R.
Converted to a water drinker 
Elise
My Favorite!
Cranberry + Elderberry Go to product 
Love this
Amanda J.
Delicious!
Dana B.
Drinking water just got better!
Kimberly M.
Favorite beverage
jean

© 2026 PURE INVENTIONS. All Rights Reserved.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Instagram

Facebook

YouTube

Customer Care
Manage Subscription
Manage Rewards
Return Policies
Contact Us
FAQs
Pure Experience
About Us
Recipes
Testimonials
Contact Us

732-842-5777

64B Grant Place
Little Silver, NJ 07739

info@pureinventions.com

Wholesale Interest
Wholesale Application
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
My Cart

Your cart is empty.

Enjoy 15% off your first order!

 As a valued member of our hydration community, you'll be the first to know about new product releases, exclusive promotions, and insider tips to stay hydrated and refreshed.

Phone number
+1
Receive offers via text message
By checking this box, I consent to receive marketing text messages through an automatic telephone dialing system at the number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Check our privacy policy
SIGN UP