https://brokenenglishjewelry.com/blogs/editorial/small-talk-featuring-kate-collins

Press Option+1 for screen-reader mode, Option+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting | New window
Skip to content

Free Ground Shipping + Returns on U.S. orders over $250

$100 Flat-Fee Shipping on international orders

Search
Laura's Edit
New Arrivals
Designers
Trending
Charms & Pendants
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Bracelets
Accessories
Editorial
Home Editorial  Small Talk: featuring Kate Collins
SEP 30, 2026
Small Talk: featuring Kate Collins
Hi! Do you mind introducing yourself?

Kate Collins

Where are you currently?

In my home studio in Tarrytown, NY.

How did you arrive at creating your line?

I had a resort line called Plume Collection, consisting of pieces designed by me and handmade by artisans around the world. The jewelry I designed always sold the best and received the most attention. From there I started getting more interested in making the pieces myself, which led me to learning more about precious metals and stones and ultimately organically moving into being completely dedicated to fine jewelry.

What are three words that best describe the brand?

Playful, elegant and intentional.

What does a typical work day look like for you?

I usually start my workday in my home studio, answering emails, and taking calls. Afternoons are spent either making, designing or running around the diamond district in the city.

What about jewelry is so exciting to work with?

What I love most about designing jewelry is the endless possibility. There is always a process or technique I look forward to learning and there is always a production problem to solve, which I love. It stays new and interesting. My favorite process is carving and molding wax, which I usually do for one-of-a-kind pieces. The Estrella charm was one the first pieces I made for the line.  I still offer it and I have a personal connection to it because it was one of the first wax molds I made.

Who is your ultimate jewelry muse?

Elsa Peretti is my jewelry muse. I can relate to her organic, nature inspired designs. They are sculptural and sensual.  They remind me of pieces I am drawn to making when working with wax. 

Do you have a favorite stone?

I love so many different stones, but if I had to pick one it would probably be sapphires. They are fun to work with because of their hardness and durability and their endless color palette.

What is your favorite piece available at Broken English? 

I love the gemstone beads because they are so versatile. They can be worn with one large bead for a gorgeous, bold pop in your stack or you can wear all five beads for a modern statement. I also love the blue topaz Starlit Ring!

Is there anything new and exciting you have coming up?

I have a few new pieces coming that I am very excited about!  First is a unique take on a tennis necklace that is a great base for many of our charms. It looks stunning with the black onyx monogram charm. I also have been working on building out our bracelet offerings because it’s our least robust category. I have some cool flexi tennis bracelets as well as a flexy bracelet with removable components so there will be some fun mixing and matching. I clearly love interchangeable pieces.  

Best place to find inspiration?

Nature is my biggest inspiration.  Being in nature inspires me by both quieting my mind allowing space for new ideas, as well as always being an inspiration for design.  There are always new shapes, patterns and colors being revealed.

Best soundtrack for designing?

For me, it will always be some good classic Reggae. Peter Tosh, Bob Marley or Judy Mowatt. I also love working to Nina Simone.

Best book you’ve read lately?

I recently read Viola Davis’s memoir, Finding Me, and I loved it.

Best movie or show you’ve watched recently?

I loved “Friends and Neighbors” and now I am really enjoying the second season of “The Gentleman”. 

Best way to wind down after a busy season?

Spending time at our house on Shelter Island with friends and family.

Image1, Image2, Image3, Image4,

SHARE
SHOP THIS ARTICLE
 

KATE COLLINS

Diamond Pointed Drop Earrings
 

KATE COLLINS

Curb Chain Ring
 

KATE COLLINS

Pink Rhodochrosite, White Topaz, and Diamond Heart Pendant
 

KATE COLLINS

Black Onyx Bead Gemstone Necklace
READ SIMILAR ARTICLES
In Conversation: With Emily Proctor
OCT 08, 2026
Jewelry Diary: Kevin Huynh
SEP 17, 2026
Small Talk: featuring Vise Versa
SEP 02, 2026
← Older posts
Back to Editorial
Newer posts →

Expert Advise

Can't decide? We have the best Client Care team ready to help you find your next obsession.

Global Shipping

Free Ground Shipping on U.S. orders over $250, and flat-fee shipping for all international orders.

Hassle-Free Returns

Not happy with your item? No worries! Contact our Client Care team to start your return.

JOIN US

Enjoy 10% OFF

Subscribe to get special offers, free giveaways, and once-in-a-lifetime deals. Save 10% OFF your next order over $250. Exclusions apply.

Email
JOIN
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest

We're here for your care

Mon-Sat, 11 am-5 pm PST.

support@brokenenglishjewelry.com

+1 (212) 219-1264

ABOUT US

Broken English Jewelry
Press & Media
Stylists & Pulls
Careers

DISCOVER

What's New
Laura's Edit
Designers
Bridal
Home Decor
Editorial
Gift Certificate

CLIENT CARE

Terms of Use
Return & Exchanges
Order & Shipping
Privacy Policy
Contact Us

SHOP MORE BE

Store Locator
© Broken English Jewelry 2026
scroll-top-button