https://www.museebath.com/pages/about

Skip to content
Free Shipping at $75!
Search
Search our store
Currency
United States (USD $)
0
Discover 
 
Bath 
 
Shower 
 
Lifestyle 
 
Collections 
 
Gifts 
 
Subscription Boxes
More links 
Home
About
About
About Musee

Leisha Pickering, a former pastry chef, founded Musee in 2011 with a vision to care for her community by creating handcrafted products that would provide jobs and spread joy. Drawing from her expertise in working with high-quality ingredients, Leisha crafted a line of whimsical, luxurious bath products. Musee’s signature "Bath Balms" blend nourishing ingredients like essential oils, shea butter, milk bath, and honey to hydrate and soften the skin. Each product is designed to bring a touch of magic and encouragement to your daily self-care ritual. Musee invites you to slow down and enjoy the sweet things in life, like taking a warm bath. Musee proudly offers second-chance employment to women in recovery trying to rebuild their lives after incarceration and addiction.

Whimsical bath products for the modern family.
Musee self-care products are handcrafted with natural and luxurious ingredients that are safe for all skin types.
SHOP
We help women transform bath time into a relaxing ritual, enabling them to enjoy self-care and create joyful, playful moments with their children— all while ensuring peace of mind with safe, natural ingredients.
Empowering women to rewrite their stories and create brighter future.
Our Partnerships

We are proud to have invested our profits into community organizations like Crossroads Ministries, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Schools for Haiti, Tabitha Ministries, and World Relief.

The Musee Story

Leisha Pickering, a former pastry chef, founded Musee Bath in 2011 with a vision to care for her community by creating handcrafted products that would provide jobs and spread joy. Drawing from her expertise in working with high-quality ingredients, Leisha crafted a line of whimsical, luxurious bath products. Musee’s signature "Bath Balms" blend nourishing ingredients like essential oils, shea butter, milk bath, and honey to hydrate and soften the skin. Each product is designed to bring a touch of magic and encouragement to your daily self-care ritual. Musee invites you to slow down and enjoy the sweet things in life like a warm bath. Musee proudly offers second-chance employment to women in recovery trying to rebuild their lives after incarceration and addiction.

Want to Soak in the Best Deals? Sign up for Emails!
Email address
SIGN UP

Shop

Store Locator
Corporate Gifting
Refund Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Support

About

Musee Story
Ingredients / Scents

Help

Returns + Exchanges
Privacy Policy
Carry Us
Wholesale Login

Follow us

Copyright © 2026 Musee Bath.
Currency
United States (USD $)