https://www.charleschocolates.com/pages/faq

Skip to content
Home
Shop
Collections
Dietary Restrictions
Gifts / Corporate Gifts
Log in
Cart
FAQ

Enjoyment & Care

How can I find out which confections are in my box of chocolates?
You can view our confection guide by clicking here.

How should I care for my chocolates once they arrive?
For best results, our chocolates should be stored in an airtight container placed in a cool, dry place - temperatures between 60º and 65º F are best. Since we use no artificial preservatives or shelf-life enhancers, we recommend that they be enjoyed within four weeks of receipt.

Can I refrigerate my chocolates?
We strongly recommend against storing your chocolates in the refrigerator. The refrigerator environment can adversely affect both the texture and the flavors of our chocolates and refrigeration should only be used if the chocolates are in danger of melting.

What does "cacao" (e.g. 41% or 72%) mean?
Technically, "% cacao" refers to the amount, as a percentage of the total, of cacao bean plus cocoa butter in chocolate. In a semi-sweet or bittersweet chocolate, the remainder is almost all sugar (there is a small amount of vanilla and lecithin). In milk chocolate, the remainder will include milk or milk solids along with some added cocoa butter.




Dietary Restrictions & Allergies

Do any of your products contain nuts?
We do use nuts in several of our chocolates and there may be nut traces in our other chocolates as a result. If you have severe nut allergies, we suggest you consider not eating our chocolates.

Do any of your products contain gluten?
We have a few products that contain gluten. Most of our products do not contain gluten, but we do not produce them in a gluten-free environment and there may be traces of gluten in our other products as a result. Please check the ingredient listing on each product for more information.

Do any of your products contain egg?
We do use eggs in a few of our chocolates. Please check the ingredient listing on each product for more information.

Are your products organic?
Though we use many local and organic ingredients in our products when possible, neither the chocolate nor the sugar that we use are certified organic.

Are your products vegetarian or vegan?
Yes, all of our chocolate are vegetarian and many are vegan.

Are your products kosher?
The majority of our products are certified kosher through Kosher Supervision of America.  Please ask us for more details regarding specific items.

Do you have any sugar-free products?
No, we use 100% pure cane sugar in our chocolates.

 

Return Policy & Order Cancelation Policy

What is your return policy?
If you receive an item that has been damaged in transit, due to our negligence, we will be happy to send you a replacement item, at no additional cost, or a refund for the original purchase price, including shipping.

Items that have melted in transit due to the shipping preferences provided by the purchaser are not eligible for replacement or refund. Once your order leaves our factory, we cannot be held responsible for shipment delays caused by: weather, mechanical failure, unforeseen acts of nature, incorrect or incomplete address/delivery information provided by the purchaser.

What is your order cancellation policy?
We start processing your order as soon as you click “Complete Order.” During processing, it may be possible to cancel your order, but once your order is in production, it cannot be canceled. Please contact Customer Service as soon as possible if you need to cancel an order and we will try our best to accommodate your request.

 

Donation Requests

Will you donate/sponsor my event/club/group?
Some time ago, we realized that we would need to draw guidelines regarding donation requests and sponsorships. We receive many requests from worthwhile groups and can only comfortably sponsor events in which our employees have personal involvement. We are a small business and are therefore not able to do any more than this and thank you for your understanding.




Employment Opportunities

Do you have any job openings?
Please check our Jobs page for all open positions at Charles Chocolates.




If you have any questions that were not answered here, please contact us to send us your inquiry.

Awards
🥇 Good Food Award

Winner of the Good Food Award

🏆 Sunset Magazine’s “Best of the West”

Acknowledged by Sunset Magazine’s “Best of the West”.

🏅 Best Chocolatier in the Bay Area

Awarded by San Francisco Magazine.

About
About Us
Search
Blog
Special Collections
Dubai Bars
S'mores Collection
Info
Wholesale
Corporate Gifts
FAQ
Shipping
Nutritional information
Contact
Legal
A Legacy of Quality

Handcrafted with all-natural, premium ingredients for an exceptional, award-winning chocolate journey.

Instagram
TikTok
© 2026, Charles Chocolates Powered by Shopify
Refund policy
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Shipping policy